it went under my bed at some point last night but I do not know where it is right now
mouse in my house
robin said they have a mouse in their dorm I believe
hold on is there a rat in your dorm
@Instantramen_
true but theres probably a whole family of rats around the area it's hard to get rid of them all
@cynthia Also like mice carry serious diseases and will eat your food, and if you let them free they'll just infest one of your neighbors houses
i'm just gonna do an all nighter and chill out
and i'm okay, thanks for the offer though
at least the labs are pretty to look at
🤔
you'll have fun
rip
@Bugcat you need any stoich practice? i need help
im taking chem and bio next two quarters
wow good luck
that sounds like the worst of both worlds
but i also have an orgo exam tomorrow, please send help
you get the best of both worlds
ok, but hear me out, orgo
imagine taking chemistry or bio
chemistry sucks
that that
infested
what's the word for when your house gets full of bugs and mice
there's probably a low possibility of infection?
i feel like mansions are constantly cleaned by maids
I haven't visited mansions enough to confirm or deconfirm this
i feel like mansions rarely have bugs
I remember there was a phase as a child where I'd get quarters for catching and killing flies in my house
i had to clean up all the guck from my laptop
i should've just called u to catch it for me
or the laptop
I don't want to dirty the table
ugh
yes
do u really want to catch that thing
gross
there's that satisfying squish feeling
yea but it was the size of a dime
that's horrible
then I squish it with the towel
to catch the bug in
and then i realized there's no hope in the world
I always get a paper towel
rip
i had to kill it and all the goop spashed on my laptop
I doubt baby spiders can bite
gosh, i remember a giant fly flew into my room and under my laptop
too late it already crawled up your pants and now you have spider bites
and then clean the wall of the guck
as long as it's not like poisonous
just call an exterminator in the worst case
wow
no
clearly you would just throw the whole house away
i'd smack all the babies too
spray them
I'd just kill all the babies too
if I killed a spider
I mean
but if it's a spider and you kill it and all the spider babies come squirting out what will you do
I usually don't kill spiders though
I also feel like there's a certain satisfaction from squishing bugs
same
i have no sympathy for (some) bugs
the bug killing part
@NotJoe
you get what?
but I kinda get it
this might sound bad
cleaning up their guts is worse than just taking it outside and setting them free
not just mice but spiders and other insects too
i never understand people who kill the poor things
...
you could always try setting mouse traps to see if that'll work as an urgent fix
yeah
ripperoni
good idea
I am gonna talk to my landlord tomorrow
also I've seen it on the stairs twice just like chilling and now I'm concerned about stepping on it by accident too (tho I doubt it would let me)
time to get a cat
those tend to be more useful before the mouse gets in the room methinks

mayhapse
maybe if I open my door and shine a flashlight under my bed I can scare it out of the room
🐁
not one bit
I don't like it
y'all there's a mouse in my room under my bed somewhere
def eat it cold
it's kind of . . . vomit-y when warm
bc I don't tend to really like it warm
huh I wonder if I'd like it
cold hummus really is just salty, savoury ice cream
when hummus gets warm it's so disgusting
I could actually eat it like ice cream
ugh, cold hummus is soo good
and
so, I'm eating hummus and chips rn as a snack (bc I'll probably be eating dinner at midnight)
there was one study where ppl watching a 10 minute video about how to solve iq test problems increased their scores by a full standard deviation
good thing it's very easy to increase your iq
only big brain people allowed
What's this for exactly
> top 1%
<:richthonk:423678784911310868>
dear lord
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/497185813264859137/779574121537208370/unknown.png
:D
idk are you sure you're not the other two options
i like everyone
I'm so disappointed by how I found this massive dataset of sentences from reddit that I was considering using to train a sentence generator for my cs class, but then I looked into the data set and found stuff like this
Whats worse is that Brumadino was *retired*

They weren't adding to it, they were trying to shut it down to be just chill and alone
There are videos of it too. Its scary. Like you can see a tiny flatbed truck trying to drive away
i'm looking at pictures of that brumadino 2019 and wow
it's ok
~~I realize this is more information than you wanted and I am sorry~~
The technical term for the kind of engineering I'm doing based on the subdepartmejt I'm in is Geotechnical Engineering
Tailings Engineers are also hyper specialized so they rarely ever leave that arena if they're in it for more than like 5 yrs
icic
Ummmm
It falls under that umbrella but also under the Mining and Mechanical umbrellas
is this civil engineering?
In 2018 the Cadia Valley Operations in New South Wales had a tailings dam that failed.

Tailings dams are dams that are designed to be expanded over time, and rather than retain water, they retain waste and unwanted materials from mines. This usually means that if they fail its catastrophic for the environment if not for the people downstream because its more solid than water (see Brumadino, 2019. Just Google that and you'll find it).

Rather than focusing on finding the failure mechanisms and understand why it has failed, we are instead looking at the way it fails and the way it moves once failure is achieved. As with most failures there has already been an analysis on why it failed. But there are very few examples or discussions on the movement itself becauze until recently we haven't had numerical capabilities that were vaguely usable with the computing power and efficiency we had at the time. So we are replicating the failure, and then correlating different values and uncertainties to different risks as a discussion point for future tailings dam designs to make them more responsive and less likely to have catastrophic influences in the event of failure.

I think that covers all the fun words
Ah ok

I am studying the post failure kinematic behavior of a tailings dam failure from 2018

Which I am aware that even my own family has no idea what the hell that means so hang on and I'll explain
What sounds sketch
i'm studying bio/biotech
that sounds so sketch what
idk what you're talking about ms anime profile pic
What are you studying, Tamalam?
*exhales*

Ok sorry I was doing an exam which I may or may not have had less than 30 seconds left when I uploaded my massive zip folder of everything lol
also, smh, says the weeb
i'm doing soil research stuff too, but probably not the same field
what a weeb smh
sensei <:smolsquid:548620899444850709>
Ummm

*Maybe/Probably*
are you planning to become a researcher/professor
nice
@NotJoe yes

Full time for a grad student is 9 credit hours

And I'm largely doing research at this point
And also a lot of times classes are initially packed very full due to people planned for co op signing up as a backup
Thatd mess up the spring schedule
Or swapping it
Then you end up dropping a fall class
And one of those is a pre req for the 4 classes of spring
Like one semester if you choose to do 4 classes for fall
what do you mean by that
?
Also in general class plans change semester by semester I feel
I mean there's a planned time, but you don't know if it'll work out or not
but don't u already know if ur going to coop?
I thought it was just take grad classes, and graduate
Interesting
grad students have more flexible schedules.  some take classes full-time for one semester, and then some have research semesters, or help teach some classes, etc.
So registering for the whole year would be weird
Since its unknown if you'll take a semester off for co op
huh
We register semester by semester
@NotJoe did you guys not have to register for the whole year last year?
here's mine
Are grad students supposed to have less classes per semester?
I see
he's a grad student
Is this your last semester?
🤔

Here let me show you my class schedule next semester!
Thats a head scratcher that is
Alright but also imagine a Tuesday Friday class schedule
imagine having a spread of classes throughout the week
welp I've reached an interesting theoretical Spring class schedule
I'll just assume it was way cheaper
theres no reason to have a different sharkboy its not like taylor lautners currently employed
No, thats a rare thing

It happens to people
But it is odd to see
But something feels weird with how lavawoman has the hair and eyebrows being different colors
Also idk if its just me
sharkman and lavawoman
I thought it was a reboot
> sequel
Nvm I'm illiterate
Why do they look so much older
https://i.pinimg.com/originals/3c/fb/77/3cfb77afe1633eb613f2a36ceaafb741.gif
should have just given him a shark onesie

Shark boy looks so stupid
Can I just say
it's a different sharkboy
Is it different actors for main cast?
im sold
I really need to rewatch the first one it's been 13 years...
they're making a sequel to sharkboy and lavagirl
y'all,,,,
smh tammie we've gone over the fact I've never lied before
hmmm
sounds fake to me
no i'm notjoe
ur fake
that or the bar was in the negative zone to begin with
honestly sounds like runescape music
sounds fake
every day i communicate in this server i grow more and more cultured
also something just feels weird to me if I had to play a game with people in a university overseen event
Here you are, TamTam
https://youtu.be/Vdd4rBlsj2o
I WILL GET IT FOR YOU
You've never heard of The Great Mighty Poo?
uuuuh
At the same time
I was being toxic and making references
machine, what
The great mighty poooooo
Aaaaaaaam
Iiiiii
Among Us with randos isn't so bad as long as nobody's toxic
Yee
that's one way of thinking about it i suppose
huh
Its how you make friends
Its an icebreaker
feels kinda weird
with people you don't know though?
That doesn't sound too bad
Gotta love the quality school emails
why not
but why
maybe it'll be an improvement
you never know
if you really wanted to i guess
it's not a matter of why, it's a matter of why not

you could make a blood meringue
so most recipes that eggs are used in, blood could be used as well
there's like no reason to
blood and eggs have a very similar composition
you see
it's a pretty straightforward question
but why
yes
like animal blood or something?
yes
using blood as a substitute for eggs in recipes
what are y'alls thoughts on using blood as a substitute for eggs in recipes
I have a question
I love how /r/worldpolitics is still just pure anarchy
The sound, only good bread sound zis way
> I don't mean sexy in a sexual way but like
> when they're fresh and warm bc they were just baked -- 👌👌🤤
Oh okay, then yes
Nothing (ily Conroy if you’re reading this)
what are you trying to say about the french
Obviously they’re not sexy
Baguettes are French
I think that should be the name
or painsexuals
Or should they be called bredophiles
Sorry but I judge breadophiles
everyone expresses their sexuality differently
So what youre talking about isn't sexy 🤔
when they're fresh and warm bc they were just baked -- 👌👌🤤
I don't mean sexy in a sexual way but like
I see you're a fan of the French flair
you gotta add some style to your bread
just because baguettes are long doesn't mean they have style
Angela what are you doing to your baguettes
whaaat
no??
n
idk I think the crumb game of baguettes might ruin how they work in bed
i find croissants sexier
in comparison to other breads I would go say yes
are baguettes sexy -- y/n?
timer ;-;
but
pshh, who needs a normal phone timer when you can download a disney-themed one, complete with disney-themed ads for children
^
You can just use a normal phone timer??
honestly maybe :P  I feel like I end up brushing my teeth for way too long
Obviously you need that free app

Ah ok
yeah, it was still in the box and all
my only downside is that it doesn't cover enough area
Are you sure that it isn't used
the amount of toothpaste that I use perfectly fits on top, so I guess it was meant to be
so, this was the only spare toothbrush I could find in my house, so I guess it's mine now
oh nooooOo
WE’re all gonna dieeeee
sure
can you do your commands in #seafoam-spam lol
I'm afraid that the amount of data is going to crash it
!download
it's not a bug, it's a feature
nice
wait did it
"The Bot"
I don't like how it made and gave itself a role
!what's 1 + 1
!kick
that's been a night
well
shit I broke it already
!download
kill it
this is Joe's bot -- no one panic
it's perfect
Oh no

> And so begins the squid squad schism
squid squad: civil war
Aawww thank u, he is tolerable sometimes jajaja but he’s nice
all I know is that you're super cool 🙏
Yes its the legend
Mikel talked about you sometimes
ohhh my god wait it's you o:
@Peacheon Hey thank u!
welcome
oh hi !!!
And so begins the squid squad schism
@RequiemOfTheSoul I’m his #1 Hater
Hi @Marcella 

I'm Danger's worst enemy
Strongly disagree 😂😂
100 fangirls for danger100ish 😤
<:saddecry:772972918958456843>
Ever
No @Maktackle  nobody will be
Everyone should be my fangirl
As anyone should tbh
thank u
I like ur username! @echks
hi!
Hello!😊
Only person I still talk to from high school as well
Hi y’all meet Marcella she’s been a really good friend of mine for 4 years
hewwo

They get rid of the other important parts in a fruit
But whatever canned pineapples come with, that's the best juice
I feel like a lot of juices even without the added sugar taste sickly to me
Like, they just add so much sweetness it becomes kind of sickening for me
Also, a lot of branded juices are way too sweet for me
That or dragonfruit juice
I'm not a fan of juice, but I think grape juice is the most tolerable
Eh
Yeah pineapple is right under mango
What
Oh fuck
Best juice is pineapple juice
Or at least decored
Well that's def true
Yeah I eat sliced apples usually
Also smoothies are a direct upgrade on juice to me
I can do sliced apple
Also like, seeds
whaaat robin i disagree, apples > apple juice.  infinitely better taste-wise
That's the fun part of eating an apple
Your teeth are weak
Apples are too hard
Idk I'd rather drink apple juice than eat an apple
at least if it's store-bought juice
To me, juicing a fruit is just a downgrade from just eating the fruit
juice doesn't appeal as much to me anymore
honestly, I'm getting that too
whatever ones are cheap at stop & shop is likely what I've had
Id rather have water
Juice is just meh to me
Definitely some is much better than others
Maybe you just have had fake apple juice
unless it's fake orange juice (sunny d)
all orange juice is good orange juice
Big agree on that at least
apple cider, on the other hand, is wayyy better
Non pulp orange is above grape, pulp is in the terrible category
idk why, but apple juice just tastes kind of funny to me
Oh heck I forgot orange
mango = passionfruit >= grapefruit > orange > pomegranate* >= grape* > cranberry* > apple
*can really only drink mixed
Except maybe Cynthia
Ok but those people have bad taste in juice
okay, my list was just out of the ones listed above
Smh best juice is mango > apple > white grape > literally any other what 
(never had passion fruit tho that might be good!)
the last two are too strong for me to drink alone, but I like mixing them with other drinks (orange juice, sprite, etc.)
my rankings for juice goes:
passionfruit >= grapefruit > pomegranate > cranberry
it's like a "try occasionally" fruit, but I don't love the process of eating it
I've had a pomegranate once or twice and it's honestly just okay
No u
aren't all pomegranates bad though
You must be eating some bad pomegranates
Hmmmm
I love passionfruit juice
idk why
i used to love pomegranate juice but now it makes me feel nauseated
Grapefruit has a good follow up to Cranberryin the rankings though
Pi is having the correctness
fr
give me that s o u r
unsweetened
YES YES
😤
YES
best juice is cranberry
White fruit tea is so good
White tea should be more popular

It doesn't have a bad drinking temperature
same
i mostly just drink green and black, but i might expand later
I have an unlabeled tea from China that we only know is a black tea, which is on point
But doesn't get pulled out much becauze its definitely stronger than coffee

I also have a weakness for bergamot, so I love my Earl Grey
wowww that’s cool
what are your favorite kind of teas everyone
I have a bunch of both because my parents are teaphiles, so I inherit all the ones they don't like + the ones I do + the ones my uncle brings back from China
^^
i just use tea bags which aren't half bad
i don't use real tea leaves cause im an amateur
The ROI is huge to make your own

Also yes
Big fan of tea in general
that is also true
To make
Yes but it costs about 3c a can
but also... warm tea is pretty good
$1 a can isn't bad imo
You could alternatively make your own for less
@RequiemOfTheSoul not overrated!!! I’ve been a long time consumer of the tea
Too late
don't click it
u know
or
😳
Click it
You put double || on each side of a message to spoiler it
OH
Yes thats a spoiler
*
Overrated but acceptable thing to love.
Blacked out
Wait it’s black yet
i rethought my life over
but then
||yours||
Um
say it
😳
god i was gonna reply with something so bad
@RequiemOfTheSoul I LOVE ARIZONA TEA
What are your favorite juices
Yes because all fruit juices are mostly apple juice
isn't that all fruit juices
apple juice is just sugar water
ye apples are sugary as hell
Which should tell you the apples have natural sugar in them

Look for other subs too
pshh there's plenty of way worse things
It also says of "added" sugar
I mean, I know, but that's crazy to see the amount of sugar on paper
Fun fact, the serving size of a can of Arizona Iced Tea is half the can
A properly handled Apple retains sweetness
Had an apple?
Have you never...
are apples really this sweet, or is smth shady goin on?
I'm sorry whaaaat?
One of the few things I'd argue isn't overpriced for a wedding
Labor hours of a wedding dress are a big deal too

Equipment and training and skill to make them is an ordeal
not so much the material cost
also isn't dress prices just because of the prestige names at this point
I mean I feel like if I was someone I'd rather buy an expensive dress over renting one if I had a choice
Batik isn't cheap either
Batik
Let's see
(Data is old, though. Silk prices have gone up)
I find that so silly, especially when you can rent designer wedding dresses for like $100-$200 now
For scale, cotton is about 15 a yard, silk is about 30-75 a yard
Silk, satin
Lace is not cheap
Wedding dresses
There's no way any dress is worth spending $600 on, unless it's got like a ps5 glued on the front
I've only been bad about makeup and skincare this year, but otherwise I've never spent like this in my life, and I really don't plan on it
think of the value trade
but also, hmm, that value
i don't think $600 in casino points makes it any better
and as they say clearly it's a slippery slope
I mean you kinda do this but on a smaller scale
do y'all even know my spending habits
she's actually dropped $600 on a dress (granted, I think in casino points) bc it was on sale from like the original price of like $1,000-$2,000
^
always knew angela was an uncontrollable spender
that's what you think
I mean, yeah, my spending habits are probably the most similar to my mom's, but I don't think I'll ever get this bad
we're kind of set on toothpaste for the next while too
^
i see the connection
my mom is kind of addicted to buying things on sale
yeahhh, there are a lot of repeats
probably
pretty sure half of them are for the same thing
yeah but u don't need that many
I mean some of it looks fine like it's not harming you to take a multivitamin, calcium, or fish oil, and it could help
i mean aren't vitamin supplements not necessary unless your doctor tells you?
gosh, that's a lot of pills
I was going to say it looked fine, but then I realized there was more than one image
four separate sections in the room just for vitamins
oh, I forgot these vitamins too
and I still can't find a toothbrush :cc  I know we have like 10 somewhere
and I thought we ran out of toilet paper and paper towels so that's why we were stealing it?
this was fuller before but how are we going to eat all of these before they turn bad???
we have soo much rice

who in the world needs this many vitamins??
and man my mom complains about my makeup/skincare addiction (which is fair), but guess where I got it from
like it's just gone
so I'm in my mom's room looking for a toothbrush 
(bc someone mysterious threw away mine sometime between last night and this morning)???
Pickles so green and meat so brown, lunchtime's fun with Slushy the Clown.
I found this work by the same author
https://www.amazon.ca/Tales-Valley-Couch-Potatoes-Salter/dp/1425703739
anyways, trying to track down what this document is led me on a whole thing this morning
the link above is to some random online archive which is the only place I've found which contains all of potato.txt
@timfoolery I think you would like this
I don't think it's a fanfic
http://amasci.com/freenrg/potato.html
it's like a fanfic about a potato in a lab I think
this though is like the weirdest thing, and I haven't managed to find its original source
or like the entire bee movie script
like the constitution
all the other files were kind of normal
My Compsci class had us create a search engine. Basically you would type in a search query and the search engine would tell you which file, among 6 files had the search query at the highest frequency (#times appeared in file divided by #lines in file), and this file is the wackiest thing
same here
always knew angela was going to be a pagan
uh huh
maybe break out some candles, make some tea, perform a seance, etc. you know just normal everyday things
in the future I want to celebrate it, just bc I like having little rituals/holidays
oh yeah, happy friday the 13th
also it's cloudy/rainy every day season now lol
ah, rip
and when I go up to cook it's usually already dark
I have a pretty tiny window in my bedroom
windows
do you have
pshh imagine seeing the sun
I'm so thrown off by this
same thing happened yesterday too
I rely on daylight for the time, and I thought it was at least 8 or 9 pm bc of how dark it is rn
holy crap it's only 6 pm
probably mice
they'll trade you fish and stuff
sell them on the mink black market
I'm imagining people cutting up and throwing around mink organs
was it for a good cause
mhm
it was for a good cause
remember anatomy class were we had to cut up minks
yes
you summoned me
@Choices was in the class too
well, there were people who wanted to throw up
sounds fun
i remember in anatomy class in high school we had to cut up dead minks
indeed
yep
@Bugcat @NotJoe
https://apple.news/AbTLr5ORnTXaamNZsnQ0LRg
We moved channels?
🤔
Oh shoot I didn't see y'all moved channels sorry
loyal to the right
I just kept moving the slider to the right <:papersquid:496218778938507274>

Apparently I am compassionate
not sure how they got that conclusion
definitely something
that's
also, should we move to #seafoam-spam.  I don't want to clog up general chat with buzzfeed quizzes o:
welp, this is news

~~also, I love the little buzzfeed icons they're so cute~~
not if i fight u first
ill fight you
fuk u
> warm, kind 
hilarious

lol
same
I thought it would show us what each person picked

that was v weird
https://www.buzzfeed.com/hattiesoykan/this-would-you-rather-quiz-will-reveal-your-dominant
and I'll send the quiz here
let's just do it together
AHA IM HERE
bc this is slow
I can probably just send it and we can compare
oh god what is this
I'm not seeing anyone?
oh no
up to 5 people
we can take this quiz altogether: 
https://www.buzzfeed.com/quizparty/9QnvF4+Lf
🤔
🤔
🤔
i've never done anything wrong in my life
show us the extent of your hubris peachy
stoOp
your gusto
im reminded of every time peachy has ever insulted anyone
your guts
out of all of these, they gave me bravery??
lmao
my what ?
> When you make commitments, you keep them
this quiz should really see all the nothing i've done today
quiz is telling us we're all workaholics

wtf all of yall are determined
You got : Your Determination 

Your determination is your best personality trait. You never give up no matter what obstacles are in your way. You work tirelessly to achieve your goal. Your work ethic is second to none, and you dream big. You encourage people to go after what they want and they aspire to be like you.
i might as well have no personality at this rate
laughably incorrect
it was the nail biting wasnt it

also, https://www.buzzfeed.com/audreyworboys/tell-us-about-your-bad-habits-and-well-tell-you-your-best
what
it's correct
saaaame
since who even lives in Illinois
I got Illinois which is heavily doubtful
i wouldn't mind
Sure
do we want another quiz? o:
We can make food once a week
I will say hi every time I see you
that is v true
thanks
Its OK Pi we can be neighbors
VALIDATED
THE TEXAN AGREES WITH ME
I TOLD YOU
oh boy another inner new yorker
SEE
😭

*shrugs*

Not worth the effort to keep trying
maybe ur only meeting more people u don't like because there's a lot of people in NY
And I'm not about thay
See, yes, but you still have to see the ones you don't like at: work, daily routine, in the street
Can't live somewhere you don't like the people
u just gotta find the right people
Which is true of most states but with them its extra strong
Don't like almost every person I know from that state
why's that?
Which is one of five states I will definitely never live in
oooh Vermont sounds nice
It tried to tell me NY
but I'm biased against Illinois

not right at all
Biased quiz
https://www.buzzfeed.com/andyneuenschwander/this-two-points-personality-quiz-will-determine
😂
i guess it's anh mi to do that
You owe me a banh mi
I'm hungry this is your fault :(
could be?  but it's like an active blegh rather than a passive meh
are you sure it isn't just flavor fatigue
I feel like the amount of sauce they have on banh mi's usually isn't that much though
and I get the same leughh feeling as from cheesecake after finishing the whole thing
okay, not rich, but too mayo-y
idk if I'd agree on it being too "rich"
I see
I think my biggest problem is really with the sauce
but everything has a distinct flavour
it's just veggies, a bit of meat, and sauce with bread
banh mi's are like the least rich thing
idk if y'all get that
too mayo-y (if it is mayo)
too rich
but it's like cheesecake
I forgot to finish typing oops -- 
I say second when I mean second one I've finished.  I've had bites of other people's before and they're always so good!
it's always so yummy in the beginning, but it's so hard to finish for me
I had my second banh mi today, and I'm v disappointed
you can help pick out the next one lol
I just wanted to change it from the Halloween one
:cccccc
I disagree, I don't like it
^^^^^
^^^^
^^^
oh the new server icon is cute :0
happy birthday @Xompop !!
Then you're not peeking, are you
what if it's not on purpose tho
guess skrim and Angela are just nose fetishists
See that makes it a fetish
It's just takin' a peek
It's not staring up them
^
See, I argue there's something wrong if you're staring up their nose
doctor's too low of a bar, we need to go higher
theoretically, if you spend all day with this person, it's probably really easy
^^^^^^^
So long as you look at it at least twice a year you'll surpass the nostril quota
Oh true
Duh
That's where the projector's pointing
but don't you only see your doctor once a year for your free check up?
if you're watching a movie, why are you looking at their nostrils
or like
well, I'm sure there are times where you're laying down together (on the couch watching a movie) where you'll be shorter
What if you're the tall one in the relationship
Yeah that's what I was wondering
and you dont want to bend down
what if theyre really short
it's just the natural order of things
I just think, if you're going to spend the rest of your life with someone, and you don't stare up their nostrils more than their doctor there's probably something wrong
fascinating
my brain
um
Id believe this is just something that they thought
Where do you even get these from
I always look forward to seeing whatever the heck Peachy puts in their status
you can use those for stem cells

Send them to me
excuse me
Last night I went into the kitchen for food, and opened up this random cabinet I'd never opened before and found three of my teeth, and I don't know why we kept them
Thanks everybody!
can't believe alex is 19 months old now
Yayyy Alex happy birthday
:0 happy birthday alex
happy birthday
Wow alex I can't believe you're one war older today! Hard to believe it's been 19 wars already
And happy cake day 🍰
Happy birthday!
~~also, apparently it's my cake day on reddit too~~
aw yea
HAPPY ~~veterans~~ BIRTH**day**!!!!! @Xompop ☺️ 💖
what a cool person
criiickkketttttt
gyyyymmminninnny c c cc ccrri cri cir
snessseieieieieiei
p-p-p-p-p-prroooffff..... SENSSSEIEI
I can't speak for the other two
As someone who has limited Tammie Experience, they are correct, you are an extremely nice person
i appreciate ur kind works but u dont have to feel obligated to complement me
also, super nice  ; u ; <3
ur killing me
!!!!!  I am absolutely not; you're so hecking cute and funny.  tbh most people don't deserve you
might help if i feel more obligated, idk
well, idk if arranged marriage will help with that
and ur the only one that thinks that T_T
ah
yea but im horrible at relationships
tammie what are you talking about you absolutely can you're super cute stop it
obviously just gotta tell her to look for rich women
when ur able
please switch with me
im like no i literally cant
girl guy tall short ugly american whatever
just imagining that network of old women who listen for rich men
I'm not even into men all that much
marry whoever u want
my mom is like
i would love to
pls switch with me
she has my aunt searching, and whenever she hears that her friends have son (or knows of a rich son) she's like 👀
people like me are the reason why marriage markets are still a thing
wow
can we switch situations
oof
sigh
yes. . . .
my mom is still networking to find me a rich husband. . . .
are you very familiar with this angela
no, that comes after finding a job
chinese marriage market is absolutely a thing
And become an alcoholic?
haha gottem
pshhhhhhhhhhh
no, my current goal *is* to graduate
Yeah the reason Haggis is slightly less than legal in the states is that Sheeps lungs aren't legal here
and become an alcoholic
also tammie are you saying your current goal isn't to just graduate
what
edible
wait
Lungs are not
well, it'll recover better than burning ur lungs
Livers are edible and legal in the US
It is
I don't feel like that's true
5head
can recover
but ur liver
uh huh
but smoking seemed more dangerous
it was either drinking or smoking
yea
interesting childhood aspirations you had
🤔
ah yes, lets do well in school so i that when im an adult i can just drink my ass off after work
ngl that was me as a kid
I could always tell you were a stoner on the inside
and sustain it
ah yes, only reason im going into stem is so i can get a high paying job and get high
Tammie said high income
Thats like
How much weed you breath in, right
what
Someone said weed and I arrived
Weed
someone who has high income
ok but think about it
depending how high we talking here
that could be me
I mean
i was sold
as soon as i saw her yearly income
it was love at first sight
I bought her off a stall
how'd you and your wife meet
parents setting up stalls and selling info on their kids
lol the video that mr. lu showed literally was stalls
ngl
I'm doubtful
some girls just wanna find a hottie is my best guess
you gotta start up a market stall
truly
the video said those younger people were there to gawk
damn, maybe this is why im forever alone, it's because i haven't posted a looking for SO application 😔
looks like there were younger ppl in the vid giggling and looking around too
maybe younger people like it
is it
but this is so old style
🤔
gotta live the idea of people's parents looking for the partners
ah yes, setting up stalls
having to have that good networking and marketing skill
always knew getting married was just like getting a job
dating unit XD
remember learning about it in chinese class
always have been a thing
so wack to think that these are a thing https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vxs__FsgGdc
I agree
so healthy 🤢
celery yuck
oh, maybe that's it?  the lack of spices in those soups that you listed above?
ah
Celery taste probably wasn't pronounced for me
Usually just tasted like salt, garlic, and a bit of vegetables
When I got it it was like store bought
theres herbs for seasoning in chicken noodle soup, and usually celery and carrots and whatnot as well
Wdym
thats actually herby though wtf
I'm fine with chicken noodle soup
It's not necessarily just that though
I mean, yeah, you probably just don't like lighter brothy soups
All of them just taste weird to me
Like I dont like miso soup, egg drop soup, hot and sour soup at all
hot and sour soup is just vinegar-based, def not herbal/med.
wait yall dont add cough syrup to your bone broth??
For other soups I think my reason for disliking them is hard to explain
they're clear bc it's usually water-based + broth, but they're by no means herbal/medicinal unless you're actually adding those ingredients (anise, etc.), but that's the minority of soups
Ok so I maintain my herbal claim on bone chinese marrow soup
what about hot and sour soup?
that's the bone broth
yes?
we have tomato egg-drop soup here -- not at all herby
It's like clear colored right
there's nothing herbal in it, though, is what I'm saying
I disageee
Wonton soup also tastes weird to me
bone marrow soup does not taste like that at all, first of all
Like the bone marrow broth for me is an instant out
Name some asian soups angela
are you only drinking those types of soups??
hold up. . . . did you just say asian (i.e. chinese?) soups taste too medicinal/herby????? @NotJoe
cabbage patch kids are so smelly
Smh not just hoarding cabbage patch kids
time to invest in bitcoin
Quick, sell all your internet stock
yes
what year is it 1999
fuck you soup nazi
no soup for you
fuck now i want soup
minestrone is hearty asf thatll fill you up
i have not had chicken tortilla soup
the good stuff
so is chicken tortilla bc it has carbs, veggies, meat
there are some types of soup (e.g. pho) that can be full meals
Soup is just an appetizer
*almost* never
ye
don't @ me
pho is filling asf
Thats the way to eat tomato soup
pho is a full meal
how
wha
ill dip some grilled cheese into it or whatever
you should almost never have soup as a full meal
i cant have tomato soup as a full meal
tomato soup is mediocre
you're having some terrible tomato sou p
Outta here
fritos in a Tex-Mex chicken soup
Tim you're drinking just blended up tomatoes
1.french onion
2. tomato
3. chowder
its like
you dont turn the tortilla into soup base
misleading
@Instantramen_ if you want i have an absolutely wicked version of French onion soup recipe I can share if you remind me
Sounds fine to me
the picture however is just a burrito bowl
ye
you're telling me to not drink cheese and you're drinking entire tortillas
I'm assuming tortilla is added on top of the soup
ok looking up chicken tortilla soup that actually looks decent
1. clam chowder
2. wonton
3. lobster bisque
tortilla soup what the fuck
chicken tortilla soup?
tortilla is not soup
1. tortilla 
2. pho
3. minestrone 

is probably mine
I've actually also only had french onion soup in my culinary class and if those shitty versions were good I imagine the real thing would be even better
Id put zuppa toscana as my top tier soup if it was an option though
joe that's based as fuck
change my m ind
any soup that isn't made from milk or cheese base is just fancy tea
I think you top 3 ranking is
1. Lobster bisque
2. Clam chowder
3. French onion
what the fuck is happening
I've been watching this conversation out of the corner of my screen through the discord overlay for like 20 minutes
im gonna stick to food that isnt inspired by satan
i will
enjoy your cheese water
maybe if you're lame, cheese is meant to be consumed in any way you want
Is it that much worse to drink cheese
We drink milk
You make fondue or rarebit
oh look at this boston boi it's all "chowda chowda chowda" with you isn't it
If you want to drink cheese though
YOURE NOT SUPPOSED TO DRINK CHEESE
The cheese masks a lot
I had to make that for my culinary class, also not a fan
french onion wins, tomato and chowder come close in 2nd and 3rd
Properly made it is passable
who wants to drink cheese
Eh its passable
i dont understand why people love it
broccoli cheddar soup is the most vile thing ive ever heard of
I think ingredients like ginger and star anise make a soup taste off to me
And I've tried it, and it just felt too medicinal to me
Like the first one that came to my mind was when Angela mentioned the bone marrow thing
idk I wouldn't call any that I've gotten from restaurants medicinal/herby at all but I have a more limited experience than you probably do
A lot of them
Maybe that's the point, but thats an interesting observation
all of them???
Interesting.
Also controversial opinion but I think asian soups often taste too medicinal/herby
tho I don't really like matzo balls ~~to the disappointment of my jewish ancestors~~
and yeah probably chicken noodle soup sans noodle is the closest to the broth of matzo ball soup
Imagine knowing what matzo tastes like
yes
Wait robin is papa geno that bad meme people on r/boston constantly use
It tastes like matzo
I'm just imagining chicken noodle soup by its color
Also what does matzo ball soup taste like
papa geno is the superior father
Yeah but Papa Johns has garlic butter dip
We don't have them
Idk what sweet tomatoes is
Dominos is great
Followed by Little Caesars or Dominos
Sweet tomatoes is the worst pizza
untrue I did once have to throw out a slice of pizza I got from the $1 pizza store because it was extremely gross
Strong disagree there
Also Pizza Hut is the worst pizza
Is still passable usually
Thats because pizza is hard to screw up
The worst pizza
So that's impacting my verdicts
literally some of the worst pizza I've ever had
I also think tomatoes taste like garbage most of the time
it was that bad
to be fair, those tomato soups were actually bad.  but the tomato soups at UMass, while better, still taste like gourmet ketchup
School pizza wasn't that bad
I disagree
by that logic pizza is bad
I wouldn't take school lunch as a decent sample for any food joe
Evidence: those tomato soups at school lunch
^
you can barely taste the spices.  it tastes like ketchup
Assuming it has the crust of cheese
Ok French onion soup is good
I do like sweet potato bisque a lot too
The french onion soup has a smiley face though
it's not bad
I mean probably some spices and stuff
Literally just tomatoes
Who would select the tomato soup though
And substantial
Feels more filling
I'm in it for the creamy soups
also I don't think tortilla is a soup that looks like a burrito bowl
Eh
pho supremacy
I think it's gutou but good to know!
Of the soups here though, french onion is really yummy, but so are pho and chowder
Only good options are clam chowder and lobster bisque
bad at pinyin but
"goutou? tang"
"bone soup"
what's it called in chinese?
maybe a southern chinese thing?
So first, I'm just gonna say that soup isn't really my thing, most of the time I prefer more solid food
it's a chinese (+ probably other non-american) countries thing
Its like soup but without any of the crunchy bits
I have never heard of bone marrow soup
same difference if lentils are up there
:P
Chili is not a soup, its a stew
I like bone marrow + kelp/radish
bone marrow soup is my comfort soup though
I'm in it for the spices
curry
chili
lentil soup
I don't even need to read them thanks to Robin, she summed it up nicely
pho in close second
of those french onion no doubt
choose your fighter

Sweet pickles? Wat
yeah whole pickles are p good snack
you can choose however many wedges to eat
so wedges are nice for that
but, you know, sometimes you don't want to or don't have the stomach to eat a whole pickle
what
No slicing necessary
The best way to eat pickles is just like, the whole thing
those what now
I wonder if anyone actually eats those kool aid pickles
give me that kosher dill 😤
sweet pickles are evil
> Also snobs use sour pickles as palette cleanser

sour pickles are the only way
pickled turnips are god tier
^^
except expired pickles theyre nauseating
all pickles good pickles
Mickey D's onions are the real burger way
^
i only consume pickles when they put it in my burger or something
who the heck eats pickles
Also snobs use sour pickles as palette cleansers
^^^^
a lot of sandwiches dont need pickle in them, but having a bigass wedge on the side is the good stuff
> Peachy I don't have a preference they both have their uses
@Skrimiche 
that's fair.  that's what I said at first too, but I was curious if you had a slight preference
We ain't no Echo and the Bunnymen
> "with wedges you can really taste the pickle flavour" this is exactly why i prefer them  in chip form
> pickles are good for their texture, not the taste
@Maktackle 
wait what you can taste the texture better in wedges
Because carrots are for bunnies
carrot slices in your sandwich
if it was just texture, why dont you just put like
^^
It's the combination of both
Disagree
blasphemy
pickles are good for their texture, not the taste
"with wedges you can really taste the pickle flavour" this is exactly why i prefer them  in chip form
the real question is not slices vs wedges 

its dill vs bread and butter
That is objectively wrong
My taste in food is objectively the best
I don't listen to people with bad taste in food
imagine eating a sub
If it's just a plain pickle I'll just bite it
If it's a burger then sliced if it's a sub or something then wedges
You could even like buffer the pickles with a layer of other stuff
Peachy I don't have a preference they both have their uses
Maybe you're eating dryass pickles then
I've never had to worry about soggy bread from pickles
What are you talking about
> Like idk why you would want to eat the pickles on the side
> You might as well deconstruct yhe whole sandwich
> And eat a bite of bread

So the pickle doesn't make the bread soggy
^^^^ but which one do you like better
QoTD: both
Into chips
pickle wedges are just inconvenient to eat in most of situations that pickles are used
I would fry pickles
smh all that matters is practicality
Like potato chips
Also, pickles look tastier when they're in disk form
why do you want the pickle's seed
Make bigger disks
Big pickles
The bigger the better
like you get seed but only mushed up
And gherkins
thats a fair strategy but you dont get to feel the raw seed
Why would you want small pickles
Cornishons
Smaller pickles
Just buying
What about
no
Waitwait
its so satisfactory
eatin em
i just like taking a whole pickle cutting it into 1/4ths and just
wedges are too impractical
Wedges are clearly worse
smh
^^^
wedges are better
wedges
Is it really a Cubano if everything in it isn't a cube shape?
Hear be out
then you might just have cubes of the only mushy parts of the pickle
no
Pickle *cubes*
Long ways
Ok here is my hot take
What if we cut pickles like this
https://images.app.goo.gl/3QKQHrM9g5xh716y5
this sounds like a very simple problem
just cut bigger slices
"engineer really big pickles" -- just add more pickles??
So that each disk is exactly burger sized
so I can control each bite
We should just engineer really big pickles
tbh, I'd eat a sandwich in pieces in a bowl
just add more pickle slices
and just take a bit of every ingredient
sometimes I get disappointed bc I asked for pickles in my burger and there's like one pickle, and you don't get a pickle in each bite
is deconstruct everything
is that clearly your ideal way of eating a sandwich
my takeaway from this
You can't
And a bite of every other ingredient
you *could*
And eat a bite of bread
You might as well deconstruct yhe whole sandwich
Like idk why you would want to eat the pickles on the side
they're good as toppings, but they're really good alone too
Disks are best for pickles
I only consider pickles as a topping
that sounds awful
so essentially just eating a side of pickles
well, I say "with" things, but you're having a bite of pickle separate from the other thing you're eating
but I feel like pickles don't always go well *in* things, but they taste p good *with* things
Vegan hot dogs
get outta here
so much more convenient to eat it in the sandwich
pickles 🤢
you eat it *with* the sandwich
what's the point
no, you don't eat in *in* the sandwich
that sticks out of the sandwich
Whoops I meant Dave's
and it's inconvenient to have a giant chunk of pickle
accompanying a sandwich
I only eat pickles together with other things
when do you eat a pickle wedge
Franks?
yes
chips are good for burgers though
just to make sure
when you say wedge I assume this
Wedges, unless they're Franks
with wedges you can really taste the pickle flavour
chips
I think there's a situation for both, but I think I overall prefer them in wedges
November 8, 2020 — Question of the Day:
Do you prefer pickles sliced in chips/disks or wedges?  
@​here
it was personal for me cause they once mauled my leg while i was sitting down
was the time i was part of an "ant removing squad" for one day that vowed to destroy the anthill that was terrifying our school playground
the closest i ever had to friends in 1st grade
i was a water bottle on anthills kid
I also imagine it must be pretty soothing
rip
Imagine having to constantly look for carpenter nests
Its rough
Yeah
y'know after being at war with ants all day I kinda understand those people who did that magnifying glass on ants thing
After enough times they start to mimic you
In my experience ants are best tamed with a seductive dance
consume them for nutrients
the classic way of asserting dominance in nature
ಠ_ಠ
Pee on them
how does one enter a symbiotic relationship with ants. . . ?
sigh, I'll get the gasoline. . . .
though, they're a different colour than I've normally seen them (dark brown vs. the usual black)
uhh, like normal-sized ants
just get a symbiotic relationship with the ants ezpz
gotta burn the whole house down now, gotta go out in a bang
Gotta throw the whole house away now, Peachy
we talking big ants here or the tiny ones
the ant army is truly too powerful
I hate it
it's horrifying
lmao
please tell me: should I just burn my table and gtfo
and now there are so many ants on our kitchen table
we bought some apple strudels from costco a few days ago
okay, now I'm freaking out
but I guess it happens sometimes
idk why ants would be in there
interesting
huhh
a tablet
what was in that package?
never trust packages
yikes
this is truly a reenactment of historical warfare
and no ants seem to be appearing elsewhere in the house
and I got the package like a day or two ago
since I just started seeing these ants today
that's my theory at least
so idk
I didn't see any
did u not notice the ants until u opened the package?
shit
and that's where a bunch of tiny ants somehow infiltrated my room
so I think I got trojan horsed by my amazon package
aight
I hate that so much
that's horrifying
pshh
ants can climb walls
what, no
I was hoping it being on the second floor would be a good enough defense
pshh
well there u go
yes
do u eat in ur room
I somehow have a tiny ant infestation in my room since ants have just been crawling to and over  my computer all morning
lmao
then I realized there were just multiple real small ants on my computer screen
and so I assumed that was happening to me today
well either way I was thinking of those moments when people set their pfp or website stuff to moving ants to make you think that they're ants on your screen
what
the ant moving game?
ever have those weird ads/popups/screen effects where people have ants moving
I feel like the best way to do it (send out an invitation) would be with one of those cakes
joe if you dont invite me im personally hurt
"group fatherings"
are you trying to ask us for an orgy
I'm just here to buy suitable desserts
something joe is into i see
clearly this is the type of desserts we need to buy for group fatherings
why not
but why
I guess they are filling a gap in the pastry market but
warning, nsfw
I just found this and . . . what in the world
https://g.co/kgs/AKR6pp
Its the only way I know how to get VC across.
No, because the only way to change it is to force myself to become borderline suicidal and sit on that ledge the entire time I'm writing
you could try to change it maybe?  november just started
Its a story we all know all too well
Because the *story* will
awh
I'll probably put it on my old computer and systematically update it
I'm not happy with the tone
Its unlikely what I write will see the light of day
sorry wrong emoji
I'd love to read it when you're all done 🙏
~~Youd know if you watched 1302~~
oooh!!!
its gonna be cool beans
so are machine and cj
oooooh
anyways yeah im doing the novel thing
what does it stand for??
*lenny*
Gotta write about the leathery thighs
no fo cho ro ko bo to fo
@pi and I are co-authoring it
I'm sorry what
Gotta write that judoon sex fanfic
Its NoRoBoCoLoGoFoDoRoBoCho
:P*
alternatively, who is writing a novel this month lmao
No I'm writing
is anyone actually seriously attempting the no-nut challenge
it's november
oh yeah,
And use flattery
Thats why you read their page briefly to learn about them
if someone who graduated from the same university as me randomly messaged me just to ask about finding a job
because I imagine I'd be weirded out
having to reach out to a random
it just feels awful though
Its really hard to do for a while though
Its actually a decent plan, I've made some decent connections through similar means
I'd just like to say something that feels awful that my job serach class is teaching is looking up companies on linkedIn you are into and just out of nowhere messaging an employee who graduated from the same university to ask questions
Shit
That means I got up later than I thought I did
Shit
Wait
wait does this mean at some point it will be the same time here and in the time zone ahead of me? wack
even tho savings hasn't hit here yet
oh yeet an extra hour to work on my homework nice
clock just went back an hour
happy daylight savings end
ya im down
➕ 1️⃣
should we stream more movies in the future?
thanks for a great time y'all  c :
oh yeah, the movie is over btw ^^
O oops
#call-chat pls
I had to afk :( Did I miss much since he woke up in bed?
yeah
This is not a Good SItuation
Oh okay
Actually?
10
Does anyone know how many jumpscares there'll be
~~Idk why you allowed other people to pick things~~
I'm strongly judging you for this
there were jump-scares
🤔
Shaun of the Dead scared me a little
so, idk if I can watch Get Out tonight loll
I don't think I have the stamina for 2 movies in a row, so I'll hop in for Get Out
alex and I are chilling for a bit in ~~Movie Marine~~ *Franken Films* if anyone wants to join!!!
for those that won't have anyone calling them today 😢
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dzib4Uk2ZPw
maybe it's just a placebo effect
it's spookier
ummm what, the discord call sound is different for today!!!
@RequiemOfTheSoul don't forget to watch the movie tonight
Ok thank you Makkie
@RequiemOfTheSoul Remember to check out the movie later
You'll need to like, tag me or something tho or I'll forget
Sounds good to me!
That works
bc I don't really know what works for everyone
bleh rn I'm thinking Shaun of the Dead from 7:30-9:30 pm (EST), a 30 minute break, and then Get Out from 10 pm-12 am?  
please lmk if y'all have any other suggestions though!
@Movie Maniacs thoughts?
--
we could split it up into a movie marathon? o:
like one time slot could be Shaun of the Dead, and the other could be Get Out?  and then people could attend based on their availability/preference?
so, I'm kind of at a loss for what to do here
and not everyone voted for Get Out. . . .  in fact, it looks like everyone who gave their availabilities didn't vote for it. . . .
but I can't seem to find a time when we're all available
which won by 1 vote
it looks like we're watching Get Out
so, that's a good question
You are
and what is being watched
when are we even watching the movie
wait a minute

spooky time
happyyyy halloween!
Appreciate it
F :c
Thank u
F
Can I get an F in the chat
I just left a question blank in an exam that has 5 questions total, and the other 4 I need
nov 1
daylight savings ends in two days what
vermont def has the maple rep but upstate ny produces a LOT of maple syrup
I've never heard of people traveling to upstate NY
people go to vermont to buy maple syrup, but I've never heard of people travelling to the latter for the same reason
I definitely associate maple syrup more with vermont than upstate ny
maine has. lobster. depression. summer homes.
aka Massachusetts' illegally seceded territory
no
I feel like maine
i mean in the us
no it canada
altho actually thats more upstate NY's thing
maple syrup :)
oh, wild
the entire capital has a population equal to about 3.5 of our highschools
no it's vermont
wait, actually, I think that I'm thinking of new hampshire
there's like 2 people in vermont
was anything of value really lost
it's a shame they closed the entire state of Vermont 😔
I remember when VT wouldn't close for snow
This post was made by FLORIDA GANG
imagine getting snow days
uh huh
Might be a snow day
why are you looking at snow day calculator
How did you get your hands on my exam scores

thank you Kevin Myatt of the Roanoke Times
This weeks weather expo brought to you be Kevin Myatt of the Roanoke Times
@pi yes it effects snowfall, but not the way that you'd expect, the thing is that we are currently on an El Nino cycle (I think, I always get the two confused) which means we are in general less prone to precipitation in the winter

This one has been p long iirc

But anyway global warming drives up precipitation levels in general, so even if there are less days of snow in general, there should be volumetrically more of it
I try not to think about it or I’ll enter a existential crisis
#relatable
Yeah, it’s just the world is slowly dying and idk
but that has little to do with the climate
oh i have nightmares that i have those in my eyes
🍽️
But if want to continue talking about our impending doom, we can open the can of worms of micro plastics
huh
oh i see
its cheaper to just stop doing anything for a couple days a year than prepare for it
It’s what I consider climate change
^
Well, it’s extreme temperature changes that don’t usually occur
Yeah we freak out bc we literally have like 2 snowmobiles in the entire state
the essential car tool
ive heard ppl in texas freak out about snow. not like irrationally obv but that they dont have windshield scrapers and stuff
Only in like west Texas theres never snow bc low precipitation in general
Just for like 1-2 days
We get snow every year
you mean every time they get snow?
Remember when people in Texas started freaking out about getting snow years ago
i dont see why not weve had some unseasonably warm halloweens recently
Always heard the opposite
🤔
Yes
does climate change even affect snowfall in most of the US?
At least we’re not getting hit by that hurricane
snow around halloween isnt unusual were just used to climate change
uhhuh
What are you whining about, back in my day it would snow ten months out of the year
but still
it has been raining all week, so I guess this is just a step up
it's not even november yet
umm wtf.  theoretically it's supposed to snow tmr??
Booo99
||This isn't super relevant bc neither of them are that close to first, but I'm shifting my vote from Lost Boys to Hocus Pocus||
Don't think I haven't read every word of this discussion
||I think I second-guess myself and ended up choosing things that I was just okay with watching. . . . :c||
||I just picked what I've either seen before and liked, or want to watch the most for the first time||
||Maybe I should just submit two more choices, bc I also want Shaun of the Dead.  man, I should have thought more about it before hitting submit I:||
||Actually, I would swap out Lost Boys for Hocus Pocus if I could||
||That was in my top 5 😭 ||
Content Warning: result commentary. Viewer discretion is advised. Do not view if you are Machine or Machine aligned. ||cant believe yall sleepin on Hocus Pocus||
sorry!
Hush no commentary on the results, you'll influence the votes
||oh dang tie between get out and lost boys||
I think I'll probably have to do a top 3 to restrict myself (otherwise I'd probably choose everything ahah)
ugh, for the movie voting I really don't know what to choose
Goddamn
what dedication
Yeah who tf suggests that right in front of their lecturer
I'm also disappointed smh
I've never been more disappointed by when someone in my cs lecture recommended we play among us during a relaxed lecture day, and the lecturer was like "all I know about that game is that aoc played it"
oh my god
Mlady
I think I made this when I was 13 or 14
wait actually I do have the beta version of that
I like to look at the reddit profile pic of the person I'm talking to as well
which is increasing more and more as time goes on
I notice the person's profile pic if they aren't using the default
The only reason to look at profiles on reddit is to see what sketchy things they've posted before
also, they need better hair options
I only notice reddit profile pictures if it’s the persons face
this is so cute thooo
old reddit doesn't have profile pictures
pssh imagine using new reddit
I'm doubtful
yes?
Do people even look at reddit profile pictures
reddit has new avatars now o:
I take it back home
is that what you do
i return it!!
uh huh
clearly chaotic neutral is the way to go
^
Who actually returns it to the store tho
there's a bunch of different versions
I feel like LN and LE should be swapped

who said no
So I’m already awkward and then I’m like extra awkward on top of that around other people my age when speaking in Spanish
But that never really prepared me for talking to people my age
I feel a lil awkward with my situation cause I maintained knowledge of Spanish all my life with school and speaking it with family
https://strawpoll.com/wqvrq41o2
> I dont NEED to keep in touch with the language, that is so un-epic" and I regret that a lot now

Same :(
I speak twice as much Dari now than I did before getting my dogs
saame 
I can still understand Arabic, at least Egyptian dialect, but the script is just scribbles to me. As a kid I was all "😎 I dont NEED to keep in touch with the language, that is so un-epic" and I regret that a lot now
oh yeah, and I'm illiterate, which is a huge shame
but I'm v sad about losing Chinese.  I can still speak it alright, but definitely nowhere as well as a native speaker
I feel that so hard.  I feel like I'm regressing
Now I forget how to spell basic words
same peachy, even in like 2nd grade my English was ass, mostly spoke Arabic at home. Within like 3 years I forgot how to speak Arabic entirely, and became really proficient in English
Quarter baked?
What a flex, i couldn’t do English back then and I still can’t to this day
If we come out half baked, what do marsupials come out as
its not their fault that human pregnancy is so fucked up that they come out half-baked
oh heck
if thats the case whos the real human
yeah.  I think they're alien imposters tbh.  alien imposters that eventually forget what it means to be an alien as they slowly assimilate into human culture
good for them
they're little shapeshifting gremlins
Mmmm.
actually though.  I don't believe that they're human
childrens brains are made of plastic
And I assumed it was a rare language id never heard of
I read that as talking ELL
Oh wait
English Learning Language
What is ELL
kids are kind of wack
--> went from barely knowing English in kindergarten (taking ELL) 
--> graduated that super quickly (first grade) 
--> starting Harry Potter series in third(?) grade 
--> reading Anne of Green Gables in fifth grade
I just realized that my progression for reading comprehension/English proficiency is kind of crazy. . . .
I mean strippers don't need nice faces so while it doesn't explain it, the origin story does indicate why the likelihood of having a less nice face is higher
but I'm not sure that explains his face very much
yeah, he was (Magic Mike? idk what that is exactly)
Going back to our talk about Channing Tatum

Apparently he was a stripper which explains his uninteresting face
hope everything's okay <:papersquid:496218778938507274>
uh ohh
hopefully it's not anything serious 😰
yiikes that sounds very much not great
hope we don't die
covid-19 scare of the week
• one of my neighbors has a huge karaoke party every few weeks (to the best of my knowledge; could be more). . . . and it's always so loud (so many people cheering), and v unsafe
• one of my mom's customers came in today with a fever, and she was in close (physical) contact with him for 10 minutes
Ok I think it's [Se] 5s^2 4d^7
mhm!
thank you!!
yes
oh
hey y'all, is it okay if you move to #hammerhead-homework (just created a new chat) or DMs?
oh great
no never again
are you taking chem
hello
hewwo
hello angela
what does universe L have to do with this btw
what in the worlddd
Then it goes from Br to Mo
Then Se is noble
It goes from Sc to Ni
i am confused
Nb is 15
no worries
Sorry I am messing this up all over the place
Heck I'm dumb
The 15th transition metal in L is Tc
Which is a coincidence
Oh wait, I think it works out anyway
so it'd just be [X]?
Tc is only #15 in our universe
because the question says in universe L
It's not Tc
um
oh
It's just not a transition metal anymore
i think i have to rewrite Tc's e config
Or wait no
Ok, so I think then Zn would be a nobel gas
same
Heck I'm getting lost here
yes
The d orbital normally holds 10 electrons
Okay, I think I can do this

YUS
@cynthia
@ timfoolery knows a lot more
I know a little bit of chem
college is weird! and hard
How are things.
Hi.
long time no talk!
helloooo
oh dear
No I don't take chemistry
i need help big time
does anyone here take chemistry
Id knee them in the balls
If only assault was legal
Maaaan
???
bold move ok
she was telling me that earlier this week someone actually went up to her and called her feet sexy like ?????
yeahhh
I hate that
especially since she's like . . . fetishized a lot for being a petite asian woman
that must be so frustrating
sometimes multiple times a week
She's 51(?) and still gets hit on at least once a month
I can't imagine what it's like to be my mom
Me too
not even environs
they made the last word "envir"
I'm feeling personally offended by the fact that the last word of the cipher isn't even a word
also
I feel like it's a very lucrative field
this is why cybersecurity is garbage
and the last strategy I used was a "crib dragging" thing which essentially tests an inputted word at every location of a cipher
got me a bit of them
and using that to find some letters
the next one I used was looking up someone else's python code
that strategy was shit
first one is I looked for every possible place in the ciphers where there could be a space
so basically I had a bunch of strategies I used for this
This seems like a good time to make everyone aware of how scary the internet is
Yeah, how did you find eve and adam?
until I found the "eve and adam" part
this was the most painful assignment for me
And tat was enough
I just googled "brings us by a adam and eve"
Google
how did you find that message
Finnegans wake
thanks
alex
wow
lmao
I  think you got it
ooooh
riverrun, past Eve and Adam's, from swerve of shore to bend of bay, brings us by a commodius vicus of recirculation back to Howth Castle and Environs

to be a coincidence
Found this quote
it's just that the words connected to "howth" seem too accurate
I would assume it's 
____ *made* adam and eve from
tbh
Everything else is automatic?
Also you're only allowed to change the top row, correct?
Without destroying everything else
Its close but if you can figure out how to break that
I was just about to say that
fair
^^^^^
I think there is something muffed because there are very few words in the English dictionary that have HOWTH in them


part 1
but maybe
spelled worse
oh yeah
maybe try rivetted?
Because the whole thing becomes a message right?
Ye but whats the whole thing look like when you do that
Riverine?
darn
not that
I'm p sure it's riverbed
can't just be river as the space after it ruins the message

Put an R after Rive and show us
but it just seems so unlikely, since it makes the other sentence start with "and" and "of"
like there's a chance the first four letters aren't "rive"
essentially what I mean

Riverbed
Riveters
No its riversomething
since I've tried inputting them and it makes the rest of the messages nonsense
none of those unfortunately
Riveting?
essentially what I have
riveted?
The one word I've been stuck on for ages is an 8 letter word that should start with "rive"
I'm told what the letters of each of the other messages would be at that same slot
How many letters?
when I put in a guess for the letter of one of them
they've all been encrypted using the same key
basically what I'm doing is that I have 3 messages that have been encrypted
Butalso what she said
Riveapple
uh so it's kinda weird
screenshot it
what
of a shitty crossword puzzle
just asking because I'm essentially doing a cs equivalent
but I don't think that's related
my first thought was just riven/rive
random question but does anyone know any words that start with "rive" that could be related to adam and eve
you should try it for like an hour or so
amazing
but apparently it's just like japanese sim sounds
I didn't use it
what does it sound like?
ooo:
I'm so confused by the fact that is a language option
I think calling something a chunk of X is different from calling it chunky though
You have a base (i.e. non-chunky chocolate chips) to compare it against
Same thing applies to chunky chocolate chip cookies
You have a baseline to compare it to
> what about like spoiled milk, if in the case that it's like all chunks 

I'd still call that chunky because regular milk is more smooth
yeah
Yeah
like in a fruit salad
like "oh yeah that's a nice chunk of watermelon"
But chunky can also refer to shape as well as consistency
In the same way, chewier or mushier fruits like strawberries and bananas are not chunky
Because the cookie itself is chewy, not chunky, even though it is solid
Which is odd, but it makes sense
which are entirely solid, but the chips are the part which is chunky
There's chunky chocolate chip cookies too
Fruit salad is chunky because it's made up of individual chunks
Chunky is just like solid and bulky

what about like spoiled milk, if in the case that it's like all chunks
and I have to ask
and I think I agree with you maybe (but the brain council is still deciding on that)
okay, okay, I see what you're saying
It's not chunky relative to itself
Fruit salad is all "chunks" so calling it chunky feels weird
Like chunky PB has chunky bits in something that's otherwise smooth
I think chunky is a relative term
I wouldn't call a fruit salad chunky
bc you don't have this problem
this is why I take showers instead of baths
a failed soup
you're sitting in a soup, but it's not hot enough to boil you
yes
skinny-dipping is extensive dipping (bathing)
are you simmering a soup when you take a bath
oh yeah --
the chicken is extensively dipping
like how you dip chicken in a deep fryer, but for a long period of time to cook it
and I agree with this
"bathing is like extended dipping" -alex
The duration of a dip is shorter too
Bathing is neck deep
Waist deep
And no, dipping is like
Dippin dots are poison and toxicity incarnate
dippin dots?  more like dots bathing in your mouth
bathing and dipping is the same thing
also, I finally got how to describe the sexy chicken tendy ladies with costumes on skewers -- in my mind, they were dancing in a line like burlesque dancers do
I would much rather bathe in them
And I disagree with dipping yourself in fruit salads
I just walked in on what I will call an extremely interesting discussion
Hang on
though, I am warming up to the idea of dipping yourself in chunky fruit salads
I feel like it's the only rational thought
you seem very fixed on this chunky peanut butter train of thought
there are other foods
i mean there are. would you call a fruit salad made of chunks?
so....chunks huh
You know what sure we’ll go with that
so dipping yourselves in chunky pb but nude?
Cause nobody had any idea what getting chunky meant
It was mysterious
But part of the appeal was that
No it was meant to sound like an innuendo in the dream
bad but not as bad 👈 😎 👈
you people disgust me
The first one sounds pretty nasty as well imho
blue cheese?  but that's gross
idk what else it could mean
i think it means to dip yourself in a large jar of chunky peanut butter together
i don't think that has a common meaning
What does it mean to "get chunky" with someone
Sometimes there were celebrity guests but he mostly did it to strangers
And the entire show was just peoples reactions to him saying “Do you wanna get chunky with me?”
Where this famous athlete was going up to people at tables and sitting down with them
There was a tv show
I had a dream with a weird sexy part too
^
secret subconscious cannibal dreams
also why are you talking to yourself
am I wrong
ok joe
uhhhuh
oh yeah, in a previous round, they were "sexy geishas" (they were all white women), and they were so stereotypical and terrible, and it was so funny
playing with your food cannibal style
idk this sounds like you were just imagining cooking people
lmao idk, but I think it was more going through the backs of the costumes, bc they were fine
did the people have skewers going through their bodies
also when you say the bodies were on a long kebab
makes sense
it's the opposite of disable-bodied
oh, yeah!
I've just never really seen that used so I was curious
it was so funny.  dream me was dying
but angela does "able-bodied" mean like non-handicapped?
also random thing
and like wth brain??
the costumes' bodies are on this long kebab, and they are on this rock platform dancing, surroundes by molten lava (like they're somehow in a volcano)
is this your mind just reflecting your personal tastes in high fashion
I look away from the screen for one second, and the grand finale starts and they're all suddenly dressed like chicken tendies
it was like hosted by hooters or smth?  and it was dressing women up in ridiculous yet "provocative" costumes (think sexy halloween costumes)
and omg it was so funny
so, I had a dream last night, where a bunch of us were watching this *amazing* fashion show on tv
dont mess with tiktok leftists 😡 we cannot vote yet 😤
<:pls:746225106354962517> communism pls
tiktok e-thems are the backbone of this nation
if there is potential for a homegrown american left movement that develops itself into a powerful force, it's probably not going to emerge from tiktok teens who vote for joe biden and oscillate between maoism and anarchism on a monthly basis
plus moving to another country is a fucking horrible experience, USA is one of the easier ones
im lucky enough that im probably not gonna be fucked by student debt so all i have to do is avoid getting injured until i have somewhat reliable insurance

otherwise im chill with living in the great nation of Texas
ok semi seriously do you think we should balkanize the usa y/n
every day. every day i wake up in the us. its a nightmare
yea well there isn't no reason that im gonna move to europe asap
and lunar yeah the country is basically designed to make that impossible
aw fuck howie im so sorry u gotta go back to high school
the problem is that all leftists are teenagers hoho gotem
whatever the cause, the american left is not organized in such a way that it can make political demands
problem being an inability to get off our ass as a collective
idk about that, to me it seems that larping/ideology fights is more a symptom than the problem itself
stupid.
were too busy fighting over like, trotsky,
the american left is in a state of paralysis and, arguably, non-existence
but we also never will if people refuse to take a stand because its Scary
we don't
I don't think we have the national support for such a movement right now
my guess is that if such a useful movement does emerge, it's gonna take the form of some kind of a radical worker's party. who knows though
'biden bad' is obvious. but it is important to stress *just how untenably bad,* just so after he's won, everyone remembers to take the chance and side with potentially scary, deeply fundamental change if the ground for a movement that is able to press the demands that can lead to such change emerges
yeah exactly
. . . abortion and gay marriage aren't going to go back to being illegal __in states that are lucky__.  that doesn't mean other states won't make things harder for people who aren't straight, white, able-bodied cis males. . . . (no hate towards s/w/ab/c-males, js).  
Those things will absolutely get worse under Biden, but I'm not trying to make them deteriorate faster 😅
yeah pi id say thats fair
from my eyes anyway
the derivative will at least be constant
the disagremeent here is just on whether or not the personal action of voting Biden is worth it, and whether you think the possible long term benefits of voting 3rd party is worth it
"nothing will fundamentally change under Biden, but that is better than things getting worse and worse. . . ." thats why lol
No one is saying that Biden will be good, I don't get why you make a point of bringing up all of the bad things Biden has done. We know
things that will get worse and worse under biden:
- the planet being on fire
- the lives of people in the middle east
- the epidemic of police brutality
- income inequality
- probably more thing who do i look like, a talking head?
- the american imperial project

yes all those things will get worse even faster under trump. but again, honesty: dont pretend biden will reverse or even halt deterioration
people intentionally breed like rabbits in rural Texas its ok
Trump in power is a large reason why Bernie lost the primary this year as well, because an enormous amount of voters perceived Biden as more likely to beat Trump
(slight) disagree. abortion is already de facto illegal in rural texas and the supreme court declaring abortion protections unconstitutional will not make it illegal in new york
Abortion and gay marriage arent going to go back to being illegal just because Trump won twice 

Trump winning does not help, but neither does Biden, and Id rather drink piss than fill in the Biden box on a ballot



the moral of this story is ranked voting
and don't think about it too much beyond that!
my #1 piece of advice wrt voting is: vote the way that will make it easiest to live with yourself 4 years from now
third outcome: the posadists were right. the dolphins are here.
trump winning does not help
The two outcomes are a biden victory or a trump victory
i mean half of the biden camp is like "guys we will listen to science" while biden turns around and goes "no actually i dont think i will"
@ peachy
I dont think that the things that will get "worse and worse" can be prevented to a meaningful degree by Biden
or theyre wildly misinformed
certainly not *the real movement which abolishes the present state of things,* i'll say that much!
yeah people who claim to be socialists and think that a biden victory will advance their political project are kinda showing what they actually think their political project is
*unless u live in florida in which case get well soon
"im a leftist who critically supports biden and im not one of those bad evil third party voters" like sure. youre not a leftist tho
I don't think anyone here thinks that Biden advances the interests of the left.  His policies are shitty at best.  the Democratic party is shitty.  and I'm probably not voting for Biden because I have the luxury of living in a blue state.  still, I would say vote for Biden *if you're in a swing state* regardless of your fucking morals on who is the *best* candidate.  (you're free to vote however you want in the elections, true, but please think about how your choice will effect others, even in the short-term.)
we have no progressive candidates who can defeat Trump right now.  I don't think any of them will get to 5%.  in the future, I'm hoping we will, but that will not be determined by this election; that requires working towards more progressive policies, which neither candidate will work towards.  nothing will fundamentally change under Biden, but that is better than things getting worse and worse. . . .
i am very peeved at "leftists" who believe that you can strategically vote for biden as leftist praxis because that is an absurd position that tries to direct potential energy into channels of inevitable #epicfail
my position is more so Hating the Disingenuousness of it all. its a fine normie position just accept it as a normie position
i don't mind 'vote biden' as a normie position because the prospect of a rupture that fundamentally transforms american politics is so inconceivable even i, committed to such a rupture, cannot imagine the ground it will spring from or form it will take. how are you to expect anyone else to hang their hopes on it (even if they should)?
messed up
remember when biden buried that fucking dog alive
epic uwu
yall remember when Biden went "nothing will fundamentally change" to his donors
i have twitterbrain i fight on sight
yeah i see it. i knew it i just
so you do see how the biden victory in your example is, in a very narrow utilitarian way, better. that's why you can't convince a vote blue person who isn't a highly committed leftist in some way
but yeah. id prefer to still have my marriage rights while i die slowly. but pretending its anything other than that is copeposting
honestly state level elections are 50x more valuable than presidental ones
a biden victory is going to be "oh ok so i can still get married as a gay man thats cool" while you die from a preventable disease because you couldnt afford the doctors visit
At least, not the mere fact of his victory. It is plausible that some event could occur during his presidency that helps the left. However, once things get this probabilistic, the same can be said for Trump.
But his victory is not going to be a long-term boon to a fundamentally transformative political movement.
HOWEVER, I personally do not believe that it *is* possible to push the Democrats left, for the simple reason that the Democrats do not have a vested interest in winning elections on anything but their own terms. So vote for Biden if you want.
like really its just. i get it i get that biden is marginally the better choice just dont lie to yourself and others
second, voting for biden does not advance the interests of "the left," and pretending that it does is either dishonest or a coping mechanism. 
the left has had four years and two presidential runs, and biden's campaign has already privately signaled that they will not even adopt a public option healthcare plan, which is a massively watered-down version of the central policy proposal that fed bernie's two runs. 
the democrats have not been pushed left. the idea that electing biden will help the left is predicated upon the idea that the democrats can be pushed left (while the gop cannot be) and thus putting them in power is useful from a leftist perspective. however, this argument is ludicrous because the only possible leverage that the left has with democrats, other than moralistic begging, is the leveraging of votes. if you concede that you will vote for biden regardless, you have conceded that leverage and any demands you could make. if you want to push the democrats left, you should probably not vote for the "fuck the left" democratic candidate.
all the people who were "pushed left" will go right back to not caring about politics
I mean those people were also probably satisfied under Obama I don't see how they're likely to change
people dont care
there are so many people plugging their ears and screaming like kids when you even bring up his record
and the problems that exist in this country will remain
yeah a lot of people are living comfortably under Trump and will live comfortably under Biden but with moral satisfaction this time
they haven't seen him as a president
People are convinced to vote for him
in droves
people already are alex
i wouldve considered it more if he chose an actual human as a VP
No, I don't think people will be satisfied with that
and people will go back to brunch
for the next four years "hes bad but trump was worse" is all were going to hear
youre not convincing an undecided voter
not from a conversational perspective
it's not pointless, it's all that matters
its still stupid to handwave criticism because of the worse alternative. the statement "hes bad BUT TRUMP IS WORSE" while true is fucking pointless. its lip service.
anyway. listing off the various ways that biden is as bad/almost as bad as trump is not effective; everyone here, and even a lot of people to the right of everyone here, can safely concede that biden's improvements over trump are marginal at best without damaging their position, because it only takes a marginal improvement for a certain utilitarian case to be valid
that's the first point but there is a second point that ill get to in a minute
sure, he's not the first progressive to run, but with the rise of social media and therefore accessibility to politics (esp for "the youths"), I can see the country going in a more progressive direction because of him
nixon was economically left of carter
^^

even with people being leftist, the DNC is still run by people like Pelosi
if anything the 70s were better in certain aspects because it was pre reagan
the planet is dying
we are better off than in the 70s
And we are better situated because of his run
people have been pulling this rhetoric since the 70s
He was close too
bernie wasnt the first progressive populist to make it far to the primaries its like
he didn't win but he paved the way for more progressive ideas but elevated the progressive platform
Bernie moved millions of people leftwards
like. he lost
Bernie lost the primary in 2016
bernie didnt fucking win
if biden wins its going to be "at least hes not trump" for four years. for four years any criticism of biden is going to be handwaved away with at least hes not trump the same way obama was at least hes not bush
Obama lead to Bernie in 2016, didn't he?
where was the realization that neoliberalism= bad when Obama was president? It's just going to swing back again lol
When people are upset with the Democratic Party, this gives the left the opportunity to convince these people
which is the Democratic Party
no but you see this is exactly what its going to be. this conversation is it
because when people are upset with Trump, they will look for a return to normal
and this is what I mean when I say that Biden winning would help the left more than Trump winning
no hes just happily concede everything to the right
but they would be able to point towards neoliberalism as the problem rather than borderline fascism
^^^^^^^^^^
also supreme court justices, I very much don't see him going full flaunting of democracy like Trump is going for
and people would be rightfully angry with that
Biden sucks for the left.  there is no argument there.  but he's at least *slightly* more qualified (esp. if he retires lol), and actually listens to advisors and shit??
There would also be serious issues with him as president
Biden would not have pulled out of the Iran deal or the Paris Climate Agreement
thats probably it
maybe like outwardly he'll appeal to LGBT crowd
deporter in chief.
I dont think 4 years of Biden will be all that different than 4 years of Trump. 

Border cages happened under Obama. Drone strikes happened under Obama. 

I have 0 reason to believe Biden has anyone's best interest at heart.
i strongly disagree that biden would be better for what most of us think of when we hear "the left," and mostly agree that biden would probably be better for certain minority groups in the short term
no
I mean what are we going full accelerationist then?
will they? or will everyone go back to brunch
but he is, unfortunately, better than the alternative ugh
Biden winning would be better for the left than Trump winning
I don't think any of us think Biden is good in any way, shape, or form here. . . .
an argument about how biden is very bad and basically a republican isnt helpful against 99% of vote blue positions because theyre predicated upon short-term (next 4 years) utilitarianism. from that standpoint it's hard to argue that biden is not 'better' in most meaningful senses
vote for the guy if you want but dont bullshit yourself into thinking hes anything less than evil
you do have the power to actually do something here
but like. guys. seriously
no i know this which is why i support swing state voters voting biden
Texas is also a swing state
Not to the same extent that Trump is
unfortunately, letting me die > actively trying to kill me
if not you than BIPOC
i cannot stress enough how much he is fully willing to let you die
he is
and yeah itd be a harder decision if I lived in a swing state peachy, but since its Texas i have 0 qualms for voting 3rd party.
robin
I mean economically sure but again he's also not looking to take away people's human rights which is a low as fuck bar but it is one we have apparently
small state level progressives win under the dem banner. but thats about it
so are most of the democratic leaders
hes a conservative with a D on his name
yeah biden isnt even listening to the centrists lol
This might come off as rude, but you're delusional if you think that any of Bernie's attempts at bringing the dem party left will come to fruition. None of Biden's progressive policies will happen.

They'll act progressive to fight Trump and then bail once they dont need to anymore
if texas ends up being a swing state then biden has already won with 300+ ec votes
I do [and I'm glad that I'm fortunate enough to be able to choose]
angela i do have to reiterate that as citizens of the northeast our vote means nothing and for your conscious its important to me that u know this
yeah, that was mostly directed @ pi.  (sorry to call you out, my dude!)  it's just super important to me rn, and esp bc you live in texas  ; u ;
if you are unfortunate enough to live in a swing state
oh yeah i fully supporting voting biden in a swing state
kind of going back to Biden vs. 3rd party earlier but: 
I understand not wanting Biden on your consciousness.  (I really, really do ugh.)  but good god I can't stand another 4 years of Trump, and I can't stand this god awful pandemic, so please vote Biden if you're in a swing state.  
I understand that 3rd party is appealing (it is for me too), but also understand what it means to have Trump as president.  it means having a large number of queer folks, bipoc, etc. continuing to feel unsafe or unwelcome in a turbulent political environment.  it means, yeah, the current on-going pandemic will continue bc we have an idiot who doesn't believe in science.
It takes new political figures with public support
they have proven time and time again that they do whatever the hell they want and people eat it up anyway
They do
you say "has to" like they actually do
but they do not
The democratic party has to listen to their voter base
I mean economically they've shifted right sure but the democratic party has socially become better, I mean Obama ran against gay marriage in 08
he succeeded in moving People left. moderately left. slightly. but not the party
and I would argue that he was successful in moving discourse to the left
and they still rigged the election against him
He worked within the party for decades before he had accumulated enough political capital to be able to run effectively
i miss 2019 bernie hes just being embarassing rn
Bernie was effective because he played the game
aoc 2024
i bet
dont worry bro in 2024 theyll be progressive :|
optimistic
viewing a center-right party as capable of moving left within any reasonable time scale is
for decades
Bernie and AOC and others are effective at this
ha yeah thats a pipe dream theyve only been going right
It's not efficient to create a third party in this way. The best way to create progress is to bend the current democratic party left
one could easily make the claim that voting for repub/dems is inherently bad because they are emblems of the duopoly. this is a stupid claim but a valid one
we cannot fix the statement "We only have two parties with any power" without. giving power to others
^^
JoJo represents my political beliefs far better than Biden or Trump 

Preferring Biden to that is wrong bc Biden is worse in my eyes
but then we go back to gaining power
but it does
We only have two parties with any power
you can just as easily say "preferring biden and trump ideologically is bad"
Voting for them doesn't mean anything
ok but what if i PREFER another candidate because there are multiple candidates
i dont want to look back on my life and say "yeah i voted for Biden in 2020" if I can help it

also Biden's probably not winning Texas not bc he doesnt have a lotta support, but the GOP is pulling out all the stops to make sure it doesnt happen. Multiple counties with sometimes 1m+ people only have one (1) polling station, unless something has changed, and we have no mail in voting except for sick people
preferring Biden is correct
so. then we agree its bad
A vote for Trump is bad because preferring him is bad
A vote is an expression of preference
i mean. would you not call a trump vote a moral endorsement? or having some moral bearing?
it's not a moral endorsement
Also, I don't think a vote should weigh on your conscience
https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/2020-election-forecast/texas/
There's a decent chance Biden will win Texas
yeah same, theres like a slim chance Texas flips blue but its not worth having a Biden vote on my conscience
i could vote for fucking. danny trejo
i could vote for hillary if i wanted to
and we dont have partial representation
there is no universe in which massachusetts goes red this election
and it bears repeating: my individual vote in massachusetts is meaningless
also yeah rooting for JoJo 😤
Politicians want power right, they want to stay elected, so they need to appeal to as many people as possible.

If more people vote for 3rd party, that is now a demographic up for the grabs by either major party, so both parties will try to appeal to them more, which is good

its the same reason politicians never appeal to young voters as much as older ones. If young voters go vote, then theyll be fought over more. Hypothetically.

also, 5% and all that jazz
kinda hoping jorgenson gets it tho libertarians are always most likely
nah me neither
even Jill Stein had more coverage
I'm gonna be real with you tho I don't quite see Howie Hawkins getting that 5%
no i know but electoralism as like. the actual definition is wack
voting for a party with no power...helps it get power
electoralism doesnt really mean that, but lots of American politicians do push for that kind of thinking i guess
I don't see how voting for a party with no power, or simply not voting, is going to change anything
thor ragnarok screenshot Is It Though
I mean participating in it is necessary
no protests. shut up and vote
electoralism is Only Elections
ELECTIONS are great
theres a difference between elections and electoralism alex
electoralism is necessary
electoralism is a sham
yeah
protesting is effective
its not effective
thats true
I'm saying that demanding for large concessions and using your vote as a bartering item is not effective
if anything the current play in the biden camp is making massive concessions for Extremely UNpopular policies in order to appeal to conservatives
" large enough concessions " where
I don't think parties will be moved over significantly by populations which decide not to vote for them unless they make large enough concessions that they risk losing a greater amount of their own voter base
plus yeah 5%
it shows that a significant portion of the population is appealed more by 3rd party policies. Obviously not much will be accomplished directly, but career politicians might see that and mold their policies accordingly for more support from the 3rd party crowd
and actually ppl voting third party is great especially if theyre conservatives and libertarians
i mean i voted green and i had zero qualms about it. we live in massachusetts my vote is meaningless
swingin for that 5% babey
I don't think voting 3rd party will accomplish anything right now
or vote 3rd party, and according to everyone, apparently commit voter fraud since a vote for 3rd party is a vote for both Biden and Trump simultaneously
which i mean. the swing states are like florida and pennsylvania so ur always lame if u live there
" In the general you can only really vote for the better of two candidates" if u are lame lol (or live in a swing state)
In the primary you get to fight for your party's platform. In the general you can only really vote for the better of two candidates
i mean yeah its the right decision from that standpoint but its still annoying and ew
shes a center-left politician in the crosshairs of her political partys admin at all times ofc she endorsed biden
^^
I'd say the difference there is that you have more of a choice in the primaries
I mean, endorsing Biden makes sense
>;(
then she endorses Biden because all of a sudden ideological purity doesnt matter anymore
She called his policies capitalism in disguise, and that he was a libertarian pretending to be dem, etc etc
are you serious (or was that a joke)? o:
wait wdym aoc hates yang
wake up
the deep state always sides with themselves
she just walked past ilhan omar killing someone in comms. cant trust these politicians
unfortunate
AoC hates yang
I don't think she's gonna get that from yang lmao
The problem is she probably doesn't have the necessary number of registered dems willing to vote her in primaries
conventional politics suggest thatd be a dumb move given her general junior position. but its not conventional politics and she probably has the popularity
AOC/Yang ticket
Tbh i suspect she's planning it rn
shes perfectly eligible to run in 2024
OK Boomer??
AOC 2024?
Soooooooo
its funny bc shes also like an active league player too
truly the best way to earn side money from politics is twitch
403K rn
its actually a very fun stream but the numbers shes pulling is insane
vibeo bames
there's a solid irony that comes with a politician playing a game about lying
https://www.twitch.tv/aoc
I always knew 2020 would be a comeback year
Bruh
fucking hell
is this peak 2020 when we have aoc streaming among us 🤔 twitch.tv/aoc
yes
I'm making sure I googled the right company
wdym
Online shopping?
interview was for some data analyst thing at wayfair
If theyre a large company the question makes sense its how you weed
What was the interview for?
mentally when they asked that I was like "I don't fucking know, I'm a conformist"
that's the worst
like "What is an innovative/unique method you have used to solve a problem"
like what
my takeaway from that interview is that questions related to innovation are the worst
hope it goes/went well o:
@NotJoe congratulations!
suffering
pain
I'm ready for the equivalent of college applications 2.0
thanks
you got this! :)
good luck!
got my first job interview today woo
that's good to hear  c :
My day went well. Just trying to sleep now.
unbelievable, how could you not plan for every single possibility
awh heck I didn't plan for this
oh no
guess we'll never know
guess it's a mystery
how is everyone's day going? o:
so I always over-eat there
this was taken at our best dining hall, and everything they offer tastes so fresh and bougie
idk I just like to try all the different flavours
it was some kind of mango(?) or peach(?) juice or smth + a smoothie
Why both milk and juice
😭🤤
gotta do hw first
get those 'zas
eat!!!!
I'm scrolling through old photos and my mouth is watering
well if it's any consolation I haven't eaten all day
:cc
man, now that you've brought up umass im hungry again
What a legend
maybe he was inspired by that monopoly version of the town you can buy from the highschool
He did?
yeah it's wack
wth
I still can't believe he bought the USPS building
Just have that 1 guy buy all of the town already
~~except the new apartments they're building lol~~
I don't think any of the buildings on that street looked good
yeahhh tbh
what an ugly building
oh yeahh I recognize that wall/window
it was outside the verizon
Idk seems like a self report
this was actually taken near our high school robin
you must've been living that zoomass life
but wth who did this
okay, very vaguely
I don't remember this at all
I just found this on my phone. . . .
hewwo
hello
welcome!

~~my only question is what took them so long~~
no more easybib, noodletools, citationmachine, etc. . . . yay
(it's under Tools)
oh shit
google docs just added the ability to create citations 🙏 god bless 🙏
https://tenor.com/view/cat-mute-meow-gif-15518130
just force yourself to do it immediately once it's released ezpz
I feel more inclined to procrastinate now help
oof
our other few tests it was only 12 hrs
no
that sounds like a good amount of time, incase people are in bad time zones
this exam's gonna be rlly hard bet
so my professor gave us 36hrs to complete our final
D:
also, she crossed out the turkey :c
I guess bc it's a (common?) myth
who thinks that
I don't know
someone would need to bring up the point that turkey makes you sleepy in the first place though
part 2
yeah, me too
nice
I love her language
okay okay, she did just dispute it
food coma
true that
ppl get sleepy after thanksgiving because theyve eaten like 3000 calories in one meal but the tryptophan thing just became confirmation bias
turkey is just worse chicken
good choice
last time my mom tried to make turkey she gave up and made chicken instead
I also don't celebrate thanks giving though
I don't really eat turkey though
same
I didn't even know that was a thing
yeah
when I looked it up apparently it's not as significant amount
huh interesting!
no, but it's one of the main amino acids found in turkeys
what google says
is this something that's exclusively found in turkey though?
tryptophan apparently
okay well . . .
why do you think people get sleepy from eating turkey
^
But they can get sleepy from eating too much which tends to happen on Thanksgiving
I don't think specifically turkey no
do people get sleepy from eating turkey??
probably not durable at all
it gets soggy
splash some water on that
doesn't sound super durable
i was just making fun of paper straws
woah it actually exists
isn't rice paper too thin though?
just kidding, I just googled it and it looks pretty
rice paper*
no, not the trees
If mcdonalds has taught me anything, the right step forward is to replace diamonds with paper jewelry

cooler diamonds
diamonds that you didnt get from your grandma
oh nevermind I have google wtf
what are blood diamonds?
smh I need to buy my swords created from the iron within the blood of factory of workers
oh yeah if ur buying like, blood diamonds thats On You
I mean it's not weird
yeah I'd agree
for exceedingly luxury items i feel like you get some share of the blame but for extremely common foods ehhh
so like. just accept that every industry is probably exploiting something but moralizing it is weird
wellll, idk, I see it both ways.  you should be conscious of what/who you're buying from + abstain if you can/want to, but sometimes people can't afford smth or just enjoy smth
yeah ppl who are like. very vocal hardliners abt protesting the cruelty (real or imagined) in animal agriculture will turn around and buy peruvian quinoa
my stance is that I am fine with being morally wrong in my purchases
even if it is a good thing to abstain from certain products
but you see
I can agree to disagree I guess
eh I'd say it depends
I don't feel like it should be on the consumer to make ethical decisions about what they buy
you're not wrong
I think we'd have a meat shortage if there wasn't a meat industry
calcium deficiency
well
wait are you calling vegans weak
I mean, it's weird to focus on animal wellbeing but at the same time buying other unethically produced products, like certain clothes and stuff
alpha human
HELL YES
only the strong may consume the meat
smh my way of enforcing animal wellness is forcing everyone by law to kill animals for meat with their bare hands if they want it
I'm not a cow so I wouldn't know
yeah thats really bad from a human perspective but like. the cows r fine
never trust american soy milk
@Bugcat yeah, no, I had american store-bought soy milk for the first time a few years ago and was like "what is this trash???" before I got used to it
I'm not gonna get into it that much but everytime I think about forced pregnancy I want to vomit
American soy milk comes with a gun
what's the difference between chinese soy milk and american soy milk?
factory farming is bad but theres nothing like. inherently wrong abt dairy farms lol
for some reason I thought soy milk was a chinese thing, that makes sense
thinking about any livestock related industry makes me feel momentarily guilty and then i remember its delicious and that i am spineless in the face of good eating
chinese soy milk > some american soy milk >= almond milk >= milk >= rice milk
I tried almond milk for the first time and it was alright, kinda weird but acceptable
soy milk > almond milk > normal milk >= other nut milk > rice milk
ugh, thinking about the milk industry makes me wanna die
@Bugcat yeah, I kind of meant chinese soy milk when I meant fresh lol
ill be drinking straight from the cow tiddy
milk > non dairy milk. nd i dont even like milk
have fun with your bean juice weaklings
normal milk> nut milk > soy milk
also sweetened soy milk was my childhood
fresh soy milk??
milk > all those weird milks
strong disagree
also, fresh soy milk >>> better than milk
generally, soy milk > milk
some soy milks are trash though
not always, I think
soy milk is grey
soy milk is better than normal milk though
never.
tbh you could put lactaid milk in coffee and probs skip the sugar
and accept the pain
smh eat that normal dairy
smh
I don't think it tastes off anymore, just bc I'm used to it, but it tastes soo different
it also tastes just off
its not a noticable enough difference
^^^
lactaid milk is 100% sweeter
it tastes like sugar + milk
IT DOES WH
it reallyyy does not
lies
IT TASTES THE SAME
it's sweeter
^^
lactaid milk isn't the same 😔
lactaid milk
pussy
builds character
I would die
builds character
just drink more milk
you overestimate my ability to bake/cook
I had a couple of those, but idk I can't even drink milk anymore and I miss it all the time  ; u ;
just turn overripe bananas into banana bread
did it spill?
that's v fair
> bad experiences 😔
@Peacheon me with milk lol
more versatile
yes
you ranked wheat bread higher than sourdough?
like rotting black bananas
bad experiences 😔
no dignity
wtf how can you hate bananas
maybe Alex in the future. . . . when he gets converted to meat and *zucchini*
I'm sad my list is so much uglier compared to yours but I'm too lazy to change it
I'm thinking it might be Tim?  but idk
I wonder whose taste buds are the most similar to mine o:
* mint heart - love
* blue check - like
* indigo rhombus - okay
* pink x - hate
okay, this took so long to do but
so basically just put all of the red things in like a blender
ranked from 1-4, 4 being yummiest
ranch is fine
I need the taste of roman conquest in my salad dressing
but its not bad
caesar dressing is better
its not really GOOD either
^
ranch aint bad
im surprised none of you crossed out ranch dressing
... I've changed my mind
do it
🔪
I'll kill you
I've been vegan for most of my life, so I haven't eaten a lot of meat, especially seafood
he was vegan/vegetarian
onions evil texture
alex has never had a lot of meats and seafoods
I'll kill them
Who said onions were bad
yeah
I wouldn't eat pretty much any vegetables
Onions are delicious
pi if I wouldn't die
alex youve never had crab???
so I try to eat outside of my boundaries pretty often
is this the mere exposure effect
Ye
youd rather not eat cabbage or asparagus??
something I've noticed is that I end up liking things I eat a lot
what is all this color coding
Red = no
Yellow = would rather not
Purple = never had

I know I'm picky don't bully me ԅ( ͒ ۝ ͒ )ᕤ
cottage cheese is the only ew thing on there
same
the only thing ive never had on there is snails but id probably eat it
ehh, same for foods I dislike, but not foods that I hate
smh
if someone offers a food i dont like to me ill probably end up eating it anyways just cause im scared of seeming rude
when I was in preschool I would eat raw cottage cheese for lunch whenever I didn't like the normal offer
blue is things I wouldn't eat if I had a choice
black means i wont eat it

coward
i think the flavor of onions is great. but the texture is evil
I did a quick expansion of my list based off newly presented data

i feel like even if i hate a food
alright
I don't understand that
yeah
I think I'm not v picky, but I strongly, strongly hate specific foods
what is wrong with you
never onions.
never onions?
weaksauce
i Will drink vinegar by itself
^^^
bananas can go to hell
* vinegar is v good in some dishes, but not by itself.  
* I like coconut in this one thai drink (coconut water + coconut skin) bc it's sweet, but the other time I tried an actually coconut is was bad.  (I like coconut-flavoured things though.)
* cottage cheese - haven't had enough to have a strong opinion, but I think I liked it in some dishes
* olives are okay; some are good, and some aren't
red is never, blue is I dont Like it
Bananas are the best fruit

Based Mak
like I decided on what Robin did, which was anything I'd actively pick out of a dish
they r gros
for these
also what's the boundary line y'all used
i eat them daily
huh
are they?
a staple in cuban food lol
bananas are like
huh interesting u put bananas and coconuts
technically 4
13

alright I got my list
red means I've never had it, blue means I generally dislike it, crossed out with black means I don't want it
NO WAIT 11
Y’all are picky what the heck
wait im 10
8
i just dont like carrots and olives
we have polar opposite tastes
no
no its gross
are you allergic to chocolate?
oh nvm nine for me

good lord robin
27
2
yea fuck cucumbers
cucumbers?
get it away from me
fuck raw fish, tea, cucumbers, zucchini, coconut, pickles, and olives
seven
uhhhh, idk
eight
I think robin might win this one
do we take a point if we've never tried a thing
(more like negative points but)
yes that would be correct
I feel like this is code for unpaid overtime
you know
No, I don’t know what they say, please enlighten me what do they say
One if his only skills u mean
you know what they say about the height of a man's hat
it's one of his many skills
also it's a flex
it's easier to carry
Why does he feel the need to stack hats
See I never understood that
truly
pictured: the most skilled man in the world
yeah
The only hat related phrase I can think of is “wearing a green hat” which is not related at all
that's a fairly common phrase i think
what heck
I’ve never heard that before
I've never heard the term "capable of wearing multiple hats" used to describe multiple skills
so every single season theres always 2-6 contestants who really dont have their heart in it because when they applied they had hoped the OTHER runnerup was going to be the new bachelor/ette
Hahahahahaha
when they cast the show
well actually the funny thing is because of the turnaround on production they dont know who the bachelor/ette is going to be
and then you're the bachelor/ette, and it's just a bunch of people who are just participants on the show bc they like the *idea* of you (sometimes a little too much)
Yes
being a contestant is like . . . just obsessing and idealizing over this one person, and having to vie for their attention
it's terrible for everyone
I don't understand why you would want to be on the bachelor/ette 
(unless it's for fame; that makes slightly more sense to me as like a comprehensible reason)
I just saw the second part
oh
but then if you're a female on the bachelor, isn't that also simping. . . ?
Why simp when you can be the one being simped over smh
Being a dude on the bachelorette or the opposite sounds terrible
you could do it right before they choose you, like still last episode but not yet grand finale moment
as soon as they choose you
like on camera
also, idk why people participate in the bachelor, but man is it fun to watch
you can just break up with them immediately
omg that's genius
last minute
"sorry, I change my mind about you"
You raise a valid point. Why even participate in such a trash concept?
hmm, but there's gotta be some middle ground between absolutely flopping and charming which optimizes the expected value, and if bombing on the last episode is optimal, then why even do the show in the first place
Because then the risk of losing is the higher worrisome risk
Bomb the last episode
You could just
Alright but hear me out
yeah, but it's risky, because what if you win
and gain further media attention
why get saddled with the date that, statistically, wont last and you had no say in when you could be in the position to choose your date
its arguably a much better deal to be in second or third place
therein lies the strategy
exactly alex
Hmm, that means even if you don't like the bachelor/bachelorette, you might still want to stay in, but like, aim for second
How do you know this 🤔
yeah the runner up on the bachelor becomes the next bachelorette, and the runner up on the bachelorette becomes the next bachelor, etc etc
hm
@pi the Bachelorette is the same show but flipped genders
Out here we're simping for cube shaped body
😳
V shape is overrated
facts
If you don't have the hots for Steve then idk what to tell you
truly
exactly
peak male performance
peak male
yeah
LOL
pictured: pi's ideal partner

is this your optimal physique pi
like who
🤔
🤔
i dont know why
those big burly strongmen who look like walking squares are weirdly attractive though
so it's not super relevant normally
but even the inbetween of like a little muscle + body builder is bleh
but like 99% of the population won't even be able to dream of attaining a body builder level physique
i can tolerate a little bit of muscle but as soon as the word "muscular" could feasibly describe you i'm not interested
I mean yeah the body builder level physiques aren't optimal
yeah same
idk, like a little muscle is fine but like eugh
being fit is attractive but huge body builder types usually arent that attractive to me
but his face looks meh
I think Channing Tatum's physique looks good
muscular dudes overrated
that's a correct take
smh
idk why
like at all
also, I've never really been big into muscles really
I don't see him as conventionally attractive (@Channing Tatum convo)
actually are they the same show basically? idk anything about either of them
thats the bachelorette machine smh
🤔
no he's ugly
just small face
he's not ugly tho
why is it so small
motherfucker has charlie kirk face
https://youtu.be/vcNdqPsVGWs
Also @pi you forgot one dude from the bachelor
Everyone has
that's a distinctly unattractive man right there
No but I assume you saw the poster
oh what the fuck his face is terrible
didn't watch it
Magic Mike @echks
i don't think i've ever seen him
Like the dudes on the bachelor
hes so conventionally attractive it loops back around to weirdly generic
hotter if youre ignoring his face tho yeahh
i mean hes definitely hot
his face looks too rectangular to me
whats wrong with his face? Too small or smth?
I've always heard memes about channing tatum being successful in spite of his face
Like he's got them hard pecs but thats about it
Idk I've never seen it either
I feel like people do, but I really just don't see it
do people here find channing tatum attractive?
It was both, some weird 4th dimension was getting to me
That was reality for me
Are you sure it was only a dream
My dream this morning was me consistently snoozing my alarm
they're interesting but odd
and packed into this nonsensical situation, full of just argle-bargle, which somehow makes total sense to you in the moment
people and objects taken out of context
everything just meshes together
they're like a conglomeration of every single thing you've seen, mixed with every emotion you've felt in your lifetime
dreams are so weird
In Anglo-Saxon, we don't say "Element", we say "Small things", which means "element", and I think that's just beautiful
oof my english class is rough rn, she's delving into some kinda bad linguistics, like saying "english has the most words of any language" which is uh debatable to say the least, 

and also showing an example of like a germanic-root only word usage thing and being like "see isn't it great that we have latin derived words" but like, that's just because we're unfamiliar with it. If we grew up learning elements were called "small things" (or probably something better lol) then we'd think it weird to use the word "element" instead
Hallo 👋
> h!change
so yeah you can do that too in probably #seafoam-spam ~~I don't remember the command tho lol~~
yep ^^ @Hex
do we still have the name color picking bot?
> you can also introduce yourself here: #isopod-introductions and pick your roles here: #role-riptide !! 
> ~~you don't gotta if you don't wanna though~~ @Emu_SH
@Peacheon i gottem bruv 😄
i agree 😤  thank u
respect
but powerful
emus are scary
hi new person
of course you couldn't, I copy and pasted your msg
> nyan nyan nyan nyan nyan nyan nyan nyan nyan nyan nyan nyan nyan nyan nyan nyan nyan
cudnt have said it better myself
you can also introduce yourself here: #isopod-introductions and pick your roles here: #role-riptide !! 
~~you don't gotta if you don't wanna though~~ @Emu_SH
sea urchin is dangerous i like it B)
nyan nyan nyan nyan nyan nyan nyan nyan nyan nyan nyan nyan nyan nyan nyan nyan nyan
oyoy
welcome sea urchin
welcome!!
i'm Emi
Hello!
hewwo

I'm just sayin
Tru tru
^ could be as simple as a doodle
but it's not like there's any requirement to do a super big drawing, could just be something small and simple if you're busy
Smh
probably someone not in school
Hey who ever decided that ink month should be in the middle of the school year? Why inkgust or inkly?
I mean, University of Maryland has a campus in College Park
is
its where penn state
state college is a hellhole
Huh wild

well apparently a university college is an actual thing to be fair
what
UofT has a sub school called "University College"
I feel like whoever named this place was trying to make a joke

why is there a place in Pennsylvania called "State College"
woo I'm finally cleared to apply for co-ops. I sure am ready to get rejected by the biggest tech companies.
hey hey hey, no coffee shaming
^
coffee 🤢
aka free medium coffee with any purchase at dunkins
y'all, today is coffee day
hour is hour
same energy

an hour is an hour
wtf are semester hours
assuming you know what credit hours are
I think semester hour and credit hours are the same thing?
maybe more flexibility for co-ops?
Idk what you're saying.
What
smh smh confusing
What
I was looking some of the pharm school prereqs at neu and they were in semester hours not semesters or quarters
? why do you ask @cynthia
awesome
wow
I have no idea what a semester hour even means
that's a good question
what’s a semester hour at neu
@NotJoe
Hi RobinRamen
which is why i only buy them on sale
it does indeed cost additional money
howdy machine
can't believe danger is a smurf
You say a lot of strange words, funny man.
What
or Naked Widow Glitch [18+] custom games
just play in pugs with them or something
Doesn't that cost additional money?
so i need to make new ones
but then i win too fast and get masters/gm on those accounts
i usually make new accounts so i can play ranked with lower ranked friends who ask me to
ah
I have two rn, I gave the extra away
for your number of accounts
also skrim why do you have 3 different numbers
🤔
I've never once claimed to have made good decisions
Why would you do that
i hate both of you
dang y'all what
I had 4 altogether
2
Or
I have 3 rn
(sitting here with 5 accounts)
yeah couldnt be me
how many accounts so you have
I require an answer, dirty Genji Main
I'm not comfortable answering that
Why do you have more than two
<:papersquid:496218778938507274>
Machine if you can't remember your login I can give you one of my numerous accounts
👋 
Long time no see
hi machine!!
Consonants are optional
It's Gaelic
Yes
The d is silent?
Dah-For-Mee-ah-hee-hah-hah
how do you pronounce your last name, mr dafordameaheehaha
This is Machine McSquiggles Dafordameaheehaha III
or is this someone else
I forget is this machine
alright
Hi Joe, how have you been?
close enough tbh
I remember they added the hamster right after I stopped playing

And then Ashe got ported in sometime after
what is the last hero you remember
oh dear god
I'm scared to see how much has changed
But also
I'm tempted to see if I remember my OW login stuff so I can re-download it
but let me see if it's something I just messed up?
huh that's weird.  it uses reaction roles, so you just click the button for which role you want
I don't have perms for that channel
Haha no I can't
you can change your roles and stuff in #role-riptide
o/  c :

shallots also have a bit of a garlic flavor to them
Actually, if you look closely, it recommends red onions for onions
white onikn ALL
trick question
I just found this: https://www.reddit.com/r/coolguides/comments/j08j05/onion_usage/
lvoe
god i fkn loe onions
ONYAN
YES
I CUT ONION I EATR ONION I LOVE ONION
I HVE SO MUCH ONION
SO MCUH
I LOVE ONIONS
we wer talking about onoisno
bc then it wilts
i usually just mix it all together unless its like a salad and something hot
terrible
peak efficiency
obviously the best way of mixing food is just throw everything in a blender
true
I mean dishes are just cooked in separate ways
cooking-wise I like to switch it up
I mean whatever your interpretation is
I thought that you meant eating-wise
oh wait, you meant cooking-wise?
I mean my meals usually naturally end up separated
I even usually just throw my peas and corn in my spaghetti
huh
also I feel that lol
huh, the closest thing I have to a "separated" meal is burritos because that's the only thing where I don't end up with everything in the same pan
Because it's easier I guess
I think I prefer when they're  separate, and I can mix and match, but when I make food I always like to make one big dish
I don't want everything mixed during cooking
I like them to be placed separately
but after they're cooked
like at the very end after things are cooked I might sometimes eat things in the same bite
I like them together
I guess that would count as together
we have separate dishes to share and then individually put them altogether on our rice
I'm a meal segregationist
separate
because I've realized that I almost always end up with everything all together in like everything I make
hey I have a question: do y'all usually like what you're eating to be separated into multiple dishes or like all in one?
hm okay
ooo:  I don't really taste the bitterness, but I know that that's a gene thing
it doesnt really have a name and its hard to find recipes online since its basically just poor people food, we just always refer to it as "okra like molokhia" which is in reference to a similar dish
on my vegetable scale, they fall on the not nauseating category
I love brussel sprouts
also not really a fan :\
too bitter for me usually
they're alright
I think I'm addicted to them
also, how do y'all feel about brussel sprouts
I think the green-vegetably nature of okra just makes it worse than potatoes for me
to bookmark it
do you have a name i can look up
oooooh
great stuff
I would
theres an Egpytian dish where you take okra and cook it into a sort of gravy/stew and serve it over rice and meat
I wouldn't eat it over fried potatoes
it was ok
boiled is fine, but fried is best
I wouldn't say very good
eh
so good
I feel like it'd be kinda unpleasant if boiled or prepared otherwise
^^^^^^ best when fried
it's alright when fried
it's a little weird that it's so sticky/goopy
not nauseating
yeah actually it's okay
it's alright
yeah!
nah
it's just I have a basic calculations of calorie:filling ratio
do yall like okra
I mean I'm fine with the taste of casseroles
casseroles are nasty dont listen to him
Or like a casserole thingy
yeah, stir fry
What about like pot pie or something
you could make a curry?
stir fry?
mmmm
okay fair i guess
also rice
I wouldn't eat burritos or tacos in a normal meal
smh the shape makes a big difference
Robin you keep beating me :c
I mean
that's like the same combo of vegs and meat
jinx x2
Burritos
burritos
I still prefer them separately
tacos
uh
like if you mean dishes with both in them
give some examples
wdym
wait, what about veggie + meat dishes
exactly
well, I think Joe would rather have meat than tofu
that's such a waste of calories though, since I don't enjoy it as much as I would just plain vegetables + more meat
Way better
Just like stir fry some vegetables together and then add like tofu and some sauce
and I just supplement with plenty of fruit
eh in my salads I usually have lettuce + cucumber + shredded radish
eh, idk if they're the most nutritious though, if you're not already eating other veggies
or a fruit
there are no times I'd choose to eat it over meat
the thing for me is no matter how good any vegetable is
Salad is boring
super easy + tasty
you should try zucchini and onions
I love vegetables
salads are also nice when you can just add vinegar dressings to drown out the salad taste
I don't understand you
that or broccoli
Joe eats salad bc it's the easiest and has the least flavour
rice just goes with everything
my meals are usually just fruit + basic vegetable for the nutrients + some grilled chicken, steak, or pork
pi I feel
carnivore lifestyle
don't need the other extraneous factors
I need meat in my meals
pi I am the polar opposite
I used to eat a lot more when I was living with my mom
ive had so many people look at me weird when i act like i need rice with my meat

like i cannot imagine just eating chicken or something on its own, or even with a salad

i need rice
that's plenty
I mean I only eat rice maybe half of my meals if that
🤔
yeah
nope
they don't?
what
wait wHat
i was dumbfounded when i realized most Americans dont actually eat rice with every single meal
I don't need rice just to blandify the rest of the food
it balances out other flavours
I have been out of rice for two weeks it is very sad
I lack a reason to ever eat rice
I like rice
So like, if rice is a vegetable then so is bread and all that
rice is just meh
I think most people like onions
yeah
It's a grain
grains are all seeds
Rice is good though
its a seed right
No
because i eat so much rice
no
is rice considered a vegetable
YES
FELLOW ONION LIKER
SKRIM
I don't believe you
yeah what did you think i meant skrim
^
^
well you are planning on eating them
RUDE
OUCH
if theyre with you, they probably didnt either
...I didn't think that far ahead
like an anthropomorphic onion
Is a humanoid onion an onion with feelings, or the other way around
tfw your hubby starts peeling 😳
can't believe you're into vore
Exactly
Yes
I would enjoy eating them more tho
so like shrek?
My future partner in life will be a humanoid onion
yes
is it wasteful if you enjoyed the usage
That's so wasteful
Wtf pi no
Duh
so you harvest them regularly I guess and replace them
oooOoh
I replace them whenever I've eaten them all
that beautiful squishing sound you get that lets you know one of the onions has spent a year too many tucked away in there 
😍
the classic onion helps you find your future lover
You probably could grow onion there with lile dirt and stuff to help fill up the pillow
that would make for an uneven pillow most of the time tho
ah
or so I've been told
you replace them once you've eaten them all
oml
or do you just let them sprout
helps soften the pillow
never
how often do you replace the onions
I'm sorry what
and knowing is half the battle
Now you know
damn I didn't think about that
For example, I sleep with onions in a pillowcase rather than an actual pillow
its called culture
I think that's called heat stroke
as a kid i remembered him just walking like an hour in Texas heat to come back from highschool, then promply pick up an onion, peel it, and munch

ive been trying to emulate that level of chad my entire life
Neither do I but I make do
I usually only like cooked onions, but I like raw onions in hotdogs, hamburgers, and tacos/pico di gallo only
Raw though I like the purple ones
Yeah, yellow onions are nicer for like stir fries and stuff like that
I don't have enough storage space to buy too many onions though :(
at least
I only like onions when they've been cooked down a lot and burned
Only one onion a day? Pathetic
red onions are a bit too strong imo tho, I like the way that yellow onions caramelize
I have done that before
that's awful
holes
You haven't reached peak manhood until you've munched on a piece of raw onion
one of my brothers used to eat red onions like apples
Yeah, most of what I eat is onion
I eat at least an onion a day
I don't like raw onions
i eat so many fuckin onions
samee
eh
that's fair
onions are legitimately in everything i eat
cilantro is awesome but it simply doesnt have the versatility of onions
Red onions are S tier
genetically inferior
you're wrong
cilantro utter garbage
mm, green onions are the ones I eat most frequently, but I think I like them all equally
^
Cilantro is TRASH
So ig fruits are technically vegetables but also not
I eat whatever onions are white
(Wikipedia)
Scallions are great
I just eat the standard onions
red is good on pizza
green onions are also v nice
I wasn't aware there was a big difference in onions
Spanish onions are goat
yellow onions are best
I mean the definition of fruits usually specifically have parts, specifying why they aren't vegetables
What kind of onions do people like?

I think
This would include fruit

so much food i eat has like 3-6 vegetables that cant be removed so its hard to pick a favorite
fruits aren't vegetables because they have seeds I believe?
In that case cilantro and basil are pretty up there
but you're objectively wrong
Can't you call fruits vegetables as well
you can mentally say you think they're vegetables
i disagree with the all knowing google
it's like tomatoes
they are literally a subset of vegetables
your mind is wrong
herbs are their own separate category in my mind
by definition, herbs are vegetables
Heck they are
Oh
disagree >:c
Meh
yeah
herbs are veggies
also herbs are vegetables
Garlic is not a vegetable
Because I only ever use it as like a garnishy thing
Onions are GOAT
garlic is a vegetable
Is garlic a vegetable though or like an herb?
they're gross anyways
tomatoes are fruit tho
theyre the kings
because I don't want to die in my 30s
tomatoes, onions, and garlic are all tied
broccoli is something I'm willing to eat
no broccoli :(
I don't enjoy all root vegetables though
Carrots
is that the only vegetables I enjoy eating are root vegetables
I think a solid rule for my tastes in vegetables
I mean sweet potatoes are still pretty starchy
Like most of the time when I eat potatoes, I just want something nice and starchy
it's garbage
if you add sugar
anytime meat is involved in the equation
Robin my sweetness aversion is situational
I don't really like their sweetness that much
I'm actually surprised joe likes them given his aversion to anything sweet
^
but they're more sweet
Sweet potatoes are less bland, but they are also less savory
the potatoes being bland part
sweet potatoes are so much better
I mean I agree with alex on that
alex you're wrong
I'm sorry but are you saying sweet potatoes are blander than potatoes
And potatoes are already kind of bland
disagree
Sweet potatoes are like worse potatoes
ah
The first
or that it's barely a vegetable
that sweet potato is good?
wdym
I'm really going to have to disagree with that
bc I realized that I didn't know your favourite vegetable
Its what I'd consider a barely vegetable
also, tbh, I asked this question with you in mind @Joe
huh
Probably sweet potatoes
oh, I love lettuce wraps
Uh
Wait joe, what's your favorite?
S tier veggie
Onions are alright
Onions are the best
Like it's not cooked or anything
ONIONS ARE GOOD
I meant like the lettuce is used in a similar way
Also smh clearly all the vegetables yall listed earlier are gross
not this again
I strongly disagree
That's basically a sandwich
There are foods where you use lettuce wraps
I suppose you could theoretically stir-fry lettuce
Tacos sometimes
Oh yeah, but I don't eat those
Salads
Like when do you use lettuce except for sandwiches?
onions are the best vegetable 100%
Lettuce is an enigma though
~~i would~~
Avocado is good in a sandwich
But also you wouldn't want an avocado in your fruit cake
avocados are good but idk if they're best vegetable/fruit material
But yeah, they're not exacty a vegetable
people put them in salads
I wouldn't put them in a stir-fry
I feel like avocados are used as a fruit most of the time
So like pickles or tomatoes or something like that
Like technically not, but used lile a vegetable
avocado is nowhere close and is also bad unless in guac
also what do you mean sort of vegetables
robin is a hater of radishes
no
RADISHES
Avocado is the best
Also, if we're including sort of vegetables
They're good for like slaws and stuff
cabbages are also good
does that work
jinx
I wish I knew how to cook them
Cabbages are also good
cabbages are also good
nooo theyre like mini cabbages
Brussel sprouts are yummy
peas corn carrot is alright, very standard and good but not my favorite by a long shot
peas and corn - 👌
idk about like the best combo tho
yeah its standard for a reason
frozen carrots are literally the most digusting thing I can't
it's standard
eh
Asparagus is fine
the frozen vegetable combo of peas corn carrot is good
asparagus is okay
ok i hate you guys sorry
And red ones are better for other stuff
nooo
no
ASPARAGUS
orange and red taste the same to me
Green ones are better for savory stuff
I like the red and green ones actually
actually no orange
I think I like red the best too
red is best
yellow
I was going to say peppers at first
What color?
I realized that idk my favourite
i like peppers
broccoli is good
green beans are also v solid though mm
broccoli is also super solid
thats so sad
but I'd almost never cook with them
they're like, okay
not really a big potato person tbh
oh and also uhh
and yet versatile and delicious
cease
I'd say second best is broccoli
They're good
stop
onions and potatos are both hella solid
That's like the most boring vegetable
gUwUeen bUwUeens
potato
Potato??
please don't say green beans like that in my christian household
the answer is potato
robin and alex jump off a bridge
Onions
Gween Bweans
onions are objectively the best vegetable ~~sorry Fin~~
September 26, 2020 — Question of the Day:
What is your favourite vegetable?
@​here
we just finished midterms
6 week? dang that's shorter than our 7 week terms
economics & history of the soviet union
huh, which class?
it was like a six week thing
was it like a seminar or smth
wait, over? o:  dang
one class is over now tho
busy T^T
good?
is it busy
how is school
how is everyone doing??
~~I can finally rest for a minute phew~~
omg I didn't register that it's weekend ooo:
oh yeah it’s dumb
I cant imagine high schoolers listening to mask wearing rules when out of sight of teachers though
Take care
I hope you’re alright
That’s so dumb
because i know the desk shields do nothing
but i don’t take it off then
unless we’re behind these stupid desk shields
we always have to wear a mask
yeah
are people even wearing masks in your highschool? @Cemetables
^
Also because she was around someone who did have it so they're taking preemptive measures in case she caught it
:)
Sure am glad they reopened schools :))
Why would they do that if you haven’t tested positive yet?
but also, hopefully you don't actually have it :c
congrats [for being able to stay home!]
yeah i mean kicked as in they pulled me out of class and told me to go home and quarantine for 2 weeks
<:GWpinkuKannaPat:393081472162201613>
If you’re exposed to corona maybe they’ll just isolate/quarantine you and not kick you
You’ll be fine
i just got notice today
no i’m getting tested tomorrow
did you get tested yet?
lmao
yes
W-what really?
guess who got kicked out of school for being exposed to coronavirus :)
Ah yes the original Lucio ball
also you get a $10 coupon thingy
hey rocket league is free on epic if you want it
wtf...
for real though its completely idiotic to advertise that to kids
wheres the initiative
cant believe kids these days need a challenge to goad them into abusing medication back in my day we just did it to feel something
thats depressing.
apparently this was a thing? https://www.healthline.com/health-news/benadryl-challenge-on-tiktok-is-dangerous-experts-say
☕ 🤡
I drank coffee and my headache instantly went away
All that matters is that the pizza is heated up
when you refrigerate it, it becomes all dry
but I like moist pizza :c
but toaster oven tastes better
I mean you could
none of these extra methods
just microwave it normally
just add like a lil bit of water to make it moist again
microwave is fine imo
cold pizza sucks
Overall I'd say warm pizza is better but cold pizza is good as well
> reheating pizza is only acceptable if you pan fry it
> like a grilled cheese
Or use a toaster oven
sounds like cold pizza just makes you sadder
i haven't had pizza in so long dude
warm pizza >>>>>
a comfort food
but warm pizza is so comforting
and listening to sad music
but cold pizza is better when youre sad
hot pizza is good
deep dish is way better
plus cold pizza is nice + easy
idk I've tried it and it never worked for me
like a grilled cheese
reheating pizza is only acceptable if you pan fry it
But like, practicality wise it's just not worth it
And it's tasty
but it sure isnt pizza
Deep dish is good in theory
deep dish is delicious 110%
im inclined to say new york but deep dish does look real good
obviously new york
New york
ive never had deep dish
the real question is New York pie vs. chicago deep dish
Because then the pizza is all weird
Noo
heat it up heat it up
youre all wrong
Heating up pizza just makes it worse
lmao
just leftover pizza
no
So really I should be putting all my pizza in the fridge
oh i thought u meant like. all leftovers
I actually like leftover cold pizza more than fresh warm pizza
leftovers WHAT robin???
But lately I've been thinking
That's what I do
leftovers should absolutely be reheated??
also no always heat up pizza
warm pizza obviously
hot pizza when fresh, but leftovers shouldn't be reheated and should be cold
Personally, I think pizza is best once you put it in the refrigerator for a bit
what kind of heathen eats cold pizza ~~*alex*~~
warm pizza obviously
September 21, 2020 — Question of the Day:
Cold pizza or warm pizza?
@​here
~~probably because you skew the scale so far~~
this server's a bad standard of measurement
you're very often the voice of reason imo
i think at least
also, tammie, you're p sane
how so
you know there's something wrong when I'm the most sane one in the suite
That makes sense
since you're analyzing the data of words in code
which is kinda like a hybrid linguistics cs class
It's for Natural Language Processing
Clearly to know a word you have to understand how it applies to the meaning of life
What class is this for
I'd be obnoxious and say it's very subjective what it means to "know a word"
honestly if this wasn't graded
thus I predict my average words learned per day was x
I'm just like I'm pretty sure I read a lot when I was so and so age
Also, there's this comic https://xkcd.com/1133/
"at least six"
I'm currently just using extremely flawed reasoning to justify my numbers
looking out for new words that you've used to add to its database
code a program to record every word you type
So I guess I would use that as a reference
Well, I know simple wikipedia is limited to only the most common 1,000 words
I'm just thinking about this question because I have a class that's like "ay, give a number for how many words you know, and justify it somehow with some sort of method"
true
But also there are some words you only kind of know
I have no clue how many words I know, I think if I really wanted to know I'd look at a dictionary with the definitions taken out
out of curiosity if any of you had to say how many words you know in the English Language, besides just by looking up an average, how many words would you say you know? and what method would you have used to come up with that number
rest in peace longcat
yeah

well I'm guessing for this they probably add extra then lol
huh
due to the fermentation process
I feel like msg is inherently in soy sauce though
kikkoman at least doesn't have added msg 🤷
also that just sounds like worse soy sauce smh
mostly used for fish I guess but it seems like it would probably be an improvement overall
or is there added msg
isn't msg in soy sauce by default
apparently it's just normal soy sauce + sugar and msg
what's that
also til about seasoned soy sauce for seafood
nice
I probably just get all my daily sodium through a1 sauce
rip
idk when I was doing meal tracking basically anytime I made anything with soy sauce it immediately put me way over my daily limit
I don't really regularly eat anything with soy sauce though
I'm doubtful
if it's not too much sodium it's probably not enough soy sauce lol
I mean it depends how much soy sauce you're using
"drink water? i thought you said more soy sauce!"
I mean high sodium intake is kind a given with cooking basically any amount of soy sauce lol
🤔
who drinks water lol
just drink more water ezpz
ur sodium intake...
they're as tall as my arm and probably 3-4 times the width (but that's probably not really a good comparison hmm)
ah
they said it's the length of their arm so I'm gonna go with yes
I can't tell
are those the big soy sauce bottles
dang
yeah that's pretty wild
still, it's kind of crazy to be able to quantify our soy sauce addiction lol
4-5 people, so I guess yeah
I see 10 bottles so that's 1 a month
tbf you do have a lot of people in your house
each of those bottles are the length of my arm
yeahhh
dang that's wild
what the fuck
this is how much soy sauce we had around New Year's
we're on our last soy sauce bottle
maybe pin me down
😀
what're they gonna do, yell at you
walk extra fast
want to tell me how
just sneak into canada to do all the drinking
clearly robin has to open up the borders
I wish Canada was open to Americans
clearly the optimal strat is just go to canada where all the relevant 18 year old stuff is legal
how illegal are we thinking here 🤔
Adulting stuff or fun stuff
Anything
what type of stuff we talking about here
I am out of ideas
uh
Also what are some things you did when you turned 18
It does
applying to med school sounds like more of a pain than applying to jobs
oh
Put yourself through more school aka grad school or med school
I'm doubtful
if all else fails
you've got some time to get better
well you've only finished like first year
I'll update you in a few years if that's still the case
rip
I feel like I suck at my area practicallity wise
idk
hm
I just have more of a confidence that I'll be able to find a job
if you can't find a good job still gonna be homeless
rip
that feeling never went away
whereas for colleges it was like shit if I get into a bad college I can't find a job and be homeless
wait, that's the same feeling as applying for colleges
and it feels like I'm competing against people who are so much better
I just have a more eh things will work out for findings jobs
rip
I guess I'm just more stressed about finding a job bc idk what to do with my major
yeah I very much feel like in hs I had college as a goal but now I don't have a goal so my mission is just "graduate and don't fail"
ima work for sustenance now
then jobs are like aight
wait, I'm so brain dead idk what point I was making
like from ages ago it's like ay Harvard and ivies are 10/10 and you gotta go or else
eh I feel like at the time college feels like a goal that existed for a while
career
but then u enter college and ur like
bc in highschool ur this insecure and self centered brat
I fall like ur more stressed applying for college
I see
but I took the easy route and now I'm dying here instead
nah, I mean I could've gone to a better school if I just life-ed harder
depends
isn’t everyone in college barely scraping by
than I was at the idea of college
I feel less stressed by the idea of applying to co-ops rn
eh
wait that's not true
barely scraping by
applying for jobs is less stressful than applying for colleges
u mean
nice?
Nice
on a side not
yea
WPI
some schools care about majors and transferring's hard
@Bugcat what school do you go to?
it depends though
apply as a highly wanted major and switch right after
that's how you really get em
I applied to my school as a biomed engineer and switched to bio/biotech right after getting in
oh yeah it's awful
pretty sure you can still switch
it is im terrified
applying for majors after entering into a school sounds like a nightmare
😀
you're one of those schools
oh
same
Unless DA
I've been mostly staying inside with my windows closed lol
We have to apply to our major
I didn't know that was a thing
huh
yes same
I haven’t
I can still def see smoke in the air
NOOO
have you not decided on a major yet?
it's apparently pretty bad
I’m probably doing bio or neuro
robin how is the air for u
or are you a pharmacy major
are you bcb
or something
are you bio
wait @cynthia what's your actual major
what is science
haha what the heck
^
yea they don’t do anything
except for like n-95
just never go outside and breathe in air ezpz
really？
I’m pre-health still figuring out what it is I want to do lol
anti-covid masks don't actually do much for smoke particles
mood
if some big silicon valley company hires me I'm willing to brave the dangers
but if you're wearing a mask 24/7 maybe it doesn't matter...
pshh
maybe not west coast, I heard the air quality is super bad now due to the fires
so far I'm planning to apply for co ops in the west coast, NYC, Boston, maybe big Canada cities, Chicago, Seattle, and idk
are you pre-med?
if anyone hears about a virtual internship in medicine or pharmacy pls tag me I’m so desperate
yep
can I still do that? "no"-my mom
I need internships but it would involve lots of exposure to ~sick people~
the west coast is just the east coast but the ocean is on the other side
I was gonna volunteer at a hospital
the world
seattle
coronass
I'm ready to travel the world
virtual co op sounds terrible
you could easily virtual co op especially with compsci
smh I can't believe I'm in my 20's still hanging out w/ teenagers
you're just getting that old
are u trying to kill me
what
tammy get the coffin and will ready
or angela
not as old as me
I refuse to accept that
yes
no
actually the same age
idk if that's true
not as old as u
also tammy how old are you
imagine having personal projects, I'm just using projects from my cs classes
now all my friends are finding coops and jobs
get ur github page going
clearly u gotta get started on those personal projects
it feels like we were just in highschool
no idea what options there are, but it's more than likely that there'll be co ops in Seattle
jesus, you're so old
I'm going to start applying for co ops in October
not yet
oh right
yeah
@NotJoe did u already apply and get accepted?
for comp sci??
there’s seattle co-op ??? :O
and housing 🙏  no need to pay [another] $3.5k per semester
yea, not going on meal plan really reduces the cost
clearly I gotta go to seattle for co op
Saved 1000$ for the quarter woo hoo
No use for the meal plan though
nice
university of Washington!
the meal plan? Uhhh it’s pretty good I think
where are you going to uni again?
nice
Home
or in dorms
l
are you living at home for fal
oh right
what's the meal plan situation like there
But then cancelled :)
nice
I signed up for the newer dorms
Well it depends on where you choose
ah
nah it’s fancy imo
since I assume freshmen dorms are bad by default
how bad is your freshmen housing cynthia
couldnt be me 💀
smh look at all these casuals not having hotels for freshmen housing
Oh that’s even better
yeah, it's literally just NEU
they're living there for housing
our school doesn't do that
they aren't sent to hotels for quarantine
What’s up with some college kids getting sent to boujee af hotels for quarantine??? Any east coast kids want to explain
then people trickled in
idk, I think I just don't like punishing people in general, but I do understand that they took the risk (on both their on others' health) and there's consequences that comes with that
since what happened seemed to be that there were initally only a few people in the room watching a sports game
I have mixed feelings from what I've heard about what actually happened
yea, what the administrator did was fine, but I'm a mean person and I wish they got a harsher one
I do think they should have been punished, but idk what I would make their punishment if I were the administrators.  I don't think a harsher punishment is necessary -- what they had was already fine
I kinda think they should've gotten a harsher punishment
also it's a term, not a year
I'd say the only big thing to ask is how much their parents paid for lawyers lmao
nobody forced them to break the rules that they agreed to
idk if a job asks that
yeah, like if they try to apply for a job and they ask why they're taking a gap year...
yeah same
for this case
Idk I feel like having their tuition returned w/ no classes allowed is a pretty lenient punishment
imagine you have an internship lined up, and now you're a semester behind. . . .
gap year makes you pretty far behind
but idk having gap years is a choice that you plan for
I mean
no
are they allowed to take online courses?
so missing out on a semester and getting most tuition back isn't terrible
I mean there're people who have gap years
that's pretty bad, they're gonna be super behind
ripperoni
yeah
yeah basically
sorry I'm super smooth brain rn
so their punishment is being unable to finish this term?
so they're losing a portion of this semester?
yeah what Robin said
hmm
I think it means that instead of making them pay for this semester and next semester, but they would take what they paid for this semester and reduce that cost from the next one
double expenses?
what does that mean
the semester will go to paying spring semester tuition
what does will have fall expenses applied to spring semester mean?
oof
@NotJoe

my phone's messaging app is always freaking out now.  anyone know how to fix it?
Oh shoot you're right
was a completely different beast
tumblr when porn was allowed
ok but like
I wouldn't doubt that, I try to stay away from those parts
Hmm
Idk I've seen videos on the weird parts of Tumblr and they seem pretty similar
Tumblr is fandom obsession this is just bizarre
> i think you just found tumblr again
> this really is tumblr
As someone who goes on Tumblr pretty often I think this is on a different level
Big yikes?
I just read through what was posted earlier
“Soul” app
What're y'all looking at
A bunch of horny teenagers looking for gfs/bfs
Overwatch Twitter is similarly weird in some ways tbh
pshh
I mean, you have some people looking to date, but the vast majority of people aren't
are you saying this isn't a dating app
the majority of people on that site are teens like no please don't
??? no one wants to see that
this one guy posted his kink quiz results on his page and like
absolutely
they're so there
just search deeper
oh there’s no way they’re not there
all that it's missing is furries and terrible fandoms
this really is tumblr
there are so many queer folks on there too !!  it's kind of wild bc i feel like it's like >50% of people on there, but it's also hella cool
idk if I like it overall but I've met some cool ppl on there
bonded with one person over how much we dislike Bezos
you know, I've never really used tumblr before so this is kind of a new exp
i think you just found tumblr again
I highkey love this app it's v fun but also soo weird
I was not expecting any of this today

I feel like it's the same person as the cult leader
I genuinely have no idea either
otherwise I have no idea what on earth I am looking at
Naem
(sorry this is so long but)
who the heck is this person
[context: this person posted that they were the incarnation of totoro in their bio]
I was expecting a funny answer and now I don't know how to respond to this
you know, i can't say that i have
I mean have you ever been to a dessert?
y'all, 
I just asked someone if they had a favourite dessert and they responded with "i dont and ive never been to one," and I just feel that on a spiritually level
you can mute servers
I just have a couple servers I'm never on oops
kinda makes the whole idea of a "notification" a moot point
Yeah
Ohh
you have so many
Why?
alex pls check ur discord messages

I'm like half an hour in and
you can only filter by gender but not age ughhhhhhhh
I've only found one person who's 21
oof yeah that's uncomfy
like, we're just in wildly different stages of life
also, I swear everyone on here is like 14-16 and I really feel weird about messaging anyone under 18
weird
it's all in english for me, even in the app store
that's so weird
oh yeah it's that one
well like everything is in chinese tho
https://apps.apple.com/us/app/soul-%E8%B7%9F%E9%9A%8F%E7%81%B5%E9%AD%82%E6%89%BE%E5%88%B0%E4%BD%A0/id1032287195
the character style is v asian-cutesy if that makes sense
it could very well be a Chinese app idk
uh, no, it's called like Soul or SoulWorld or smth like that
sounds like conversation between two 10 year olds
also I cannot find this app, only a chinese thing that's maybe a match making thing? I'm working through google translate and it's not entirely clear
oof yikes
Why does that look like parody
Holy shit
it's just full of angsty (and sometimes cringey) teens. . . .
so, I recently downloaded this app called Soul bc I thought it would be a good way to make friends but like
We've got to put an end to Nicholas Cage's acting
https://www.tylervigen.com/spurious-correlations
what kinds of classes does it have?
Maybe not
if you think you might use it
I mean it's only a dollar
To buy or not to buy? <:richthonk:423678784911310868> 
https://learn.masterclass.com/college-student-offer
Master Class is only $1 for college students: https://www.engadget.com/masterclass-college-students-offer-154039791.html
relevant
https://twitter.com/i/status/1306245880412925958
anybody who lives in florida is automatically hot
:+1:
thanks!!
You're cute
Fine then
yea i know it's like 90 degrees outside
You're already hot Echks
good job peachy you caught it
is that too much to ask
i wanna be hot *and* live in cold temperatures
~~probably not the west coast~~
uh no 
~~oh wait i missed the joke~~
wouldn't we all
I'd rather be hot
This explains the american south's resistance to stopping climate change /s
since that's just what the majority of people answered, I'm really curious as to what the percentage for each state is
I hate florida
Fuck this heat
I'd rather be cold
yeahh, it's super interesting o:
Maybe because they're used to those temperatures
Huh
https://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/iu1hse/would_you_rather_be_hot_or_cold_oc/
https://discord.gg/6z7eNz hi we are gonna do among us in this server
idk i'd wait for u guys to show up
i can probably hop on depending on the time
ok
I can come in like half an hour but don't wait for me to start <:papersquid:496218778938507274>
i guess i could just ping @Allies Among Us oop
okay cause lunar said he'd play as well
whenever
@Skrimiche @echks
what time would u guys wanna play
epic
yes
maybe
Yes
Would anyone be interested in playing Among Us tonight?
typically
and pastry flour still has more gluten than cake flour, regardless
croissants are pastry they dont count
And its pretty high fat low protein
I mean isnt a croissant bread though  @pi
Isnt cake leavened with baking soda?
the differences are vast enough to consider them entirely different foods
bread is a dough, little added fat, and high protein flour
theyre still high fat, low protein (from the flour anyway) batters though
there are yeast cakes.
So while matzoh is unleavened bread, it's also just basically bad cake
Also, bread uses a lot more salt
Cake isn't leavened
Cake is definitely not bread
yeah Finn I agree with that
(I don't actually think it's that bad, like I don't really mind it enough to argue against it)
i feel like a bread isnt necessarily a cake, but all cake is bread
that sure is an opinion
no im actually with joe on this
that sure is an unpopular opinion
I mean I'd argue cake is bread, but that's probably an unpopular opinion
eh yeah pretty much
Because you shouldn't overmix banana bread batter either
So you agree that banana bread would be a cake then
its pretty much a batter, you try not to mix it too much, etc
its also just, just cooked like a cake
so you use flour with less gluten
you dont want cake to be stretchy or chewy like most bread is, you want it really crumbly and soft
just cake flour
What kind of flour does lemon bread use?
ooooh that sounds amazing !!
Can’t find a pic grrr
My mom actually tried making her own inspired by the Starbucks ones recently and they came out amazing
Those are really good that’s what I always get
it makes no sense to me
then why are they called the other thing 😭
it uses low protein flour and doesnt get kneeded
they use different kinds of flour bc gluten but in this case yeah thats cake
bread and cake are basically the same thing
It is good though
Or banana bread
That's lioe saying ginger bread is bread
That's a cake
That's not bread
apparently you can buy a slice from starbucks
yes!!  it's so good!
there's LEMON BREAD??
> lemon bread

excuse me??
Yeah its just dry spices
Because those are really good
Is that like those bbq flavored spices?
Also, what is rub bbq?
Oh yeah, vinegar is yummy
Vinegar based sauces are especially great
But bbq is usually pretty fatty, so some acidic sauce is nice
good rub bbq > good sauce bbq
But sauce still improves it
I mean good bbq doesn't need sauce
also ciabatta and sourdough are S tier
good bbq needs no sauce
> I don't understand how you can like barbecue then bc meat marinated in bbq sauce is p sweet
yall need to get some good TEXAS bbq
also, robin, I feel you, raisin challah is so good
Psh who eats sandwiches
so when you make it, the bread gets flattened and less sharp
it's what you use for paninis
ciabatta bread is the best
:doubt
Maybe the inside of my mouth is just stronger than yours
which is also why I'm not the biggest fan of pineapple
I'm personally not a fan of mouse soreness being a thing after eating
I mean I guess but they're really not that bad imo
also @Instantramen_ when you bite into ciabatta bread due to how hard the surface of the bread is, it shatters when you bite into it, creating sharp bits
the smokiness overpowers the sweetness
I don't understand how you can like barbecue then bc meat marinated in bbq sauce is p sweet
sweet meat is gross for me
yeah
oh right, you don't like sweet meats/meals
I dislike how sweet it is
but char siu bread is eh for me
most of those are fine
I agree with Joe's ciabatta/baguette comment
okay, so I was looking for my favourite chinese bakery breads, and tbh i don't have one; 
I'll eat anything with a sweet filling (red bean, taro, etc.), matcha-flavoured, coffee-flavoured, or char siu (basically pork) buns
I have no idea what ur talking about get better at eating ciabatta
ciabatta and baguette's are just tools of masochism with how badly they cut up your mouth when used for sandwiches
also all savory breads are pretty much equal to me, only thing that stands out for me is whatever the brown bread that cheesecake factory makes, topped with butter
get better taste buds
smh
disagreee
out of all the chinese bakery breads, pineapple bread is down there for me
since lemon flavored things are gross
lemon bread is lowkey bad
it's better
are you saying lemon bread is
it's okay, but it's not the best
uh huh
trash tastes
also, I can't believe your favourite bread is chinese bakery pineapple bread
I don't want soggy pineapple in bread
disagree
it sounds so good what
actual pineapple in bread sounds meh
ah
chinese bakery one
do you mean pineapple bread as in the chinese bakery one, or actually pineapple in bread? @NotJoe
pineapple upside down pizza
I want to make pizza out of it
Gimme 👀
clearly pineapple bread is the right choice
Huh never had lemon bread before sounds interesting
just lemon bread in general 👌 👌
Raisin challah is so good I gotta get me some for rosh hashanah this year 🥺
I like sourdough a lot too
I'm okay with most of them
for more savoury breads, I really don't know
oh ciabatta is yummy
that's my favorite bread
oh wait the breadsticks they give out at olive garden
I think ciabatta for sandwiches and challah by itself
for sweet breads, I really loveee lemon poppyseed
and not the grocery store kind
white bread  is only tasty if its fresh
whole wheat is GOD
good bread
September 7, 2020 — Question of the Day:
What is your favourite type of bread? 
@​here
but it's still great to dip them in ranch or blue cheese
chicken wings already have buffalo sauce
why would you dip pizza 
its not a chicken wing
it already has a tomato sauce
but if it's a plain cheese, you bet I'm going to dip it
dipping is not a staple.  I do like my pizza non-dipped most of the time
^^^^^^
it's just improving the pizza
pizza dipping is literally the worst
obviously the non-pizza dippers
Which people are you referring to
what the hell is wrong with you people
unless its stuffed crust
crust dipping is a MUST
Is crust dipping acceptable
not dipping > literal shit > dipping
blue cheese > ranch
why do people dip their pizzas in anything

i hate blue cheese, but dipping pizza in ranch is 👌 👌
dipping pizza is the ideal way of eating pizza
ranch and blue cheese are both great pizza dips
And you *will* go to hell
Two if you do decide to put it on pizza if you dip your pizza you're an irredeemable heathen
Ranch does not belong on pizza one
help
RANCH

Ranch does go on both
I'm concerned
?????
they were in a threesome
what if
and chris is like
there's apparently gonna be a pizza machine too
That's neat
Ohh, it's called Sally
3:22
https://youtu.be/ZoppnKIHaB0?t=202
one on the right is a new one that makes salads
the one on the left is like the IT mascot pretty sure
Like the one on the right looks like a sentient microwave
What are the two robots?
threatening to put that on the IT website, a madman
this guy's part of the IT department and he's making fanfic art between our two robots... idk how to feel about this
leg extensions
Just chop off both your legs for the choice of becoming shorter or taller at will
it's a small internet
lowkey i stole my height comment from one of the replies to that post

False, short people are superior. Clearly there is no correlation between willpower and high ~~looks at robin~~
Clearly height is just the horseshoe theory at play
false I have no willpower and am tall
Of course height is a choice. I don't date anyone taller than 6 feet
true, i have zero willpower
short people simply have less willpower
obviously
y/n?
height is a choice
Jeez
oof
my sisters school had 103 new cases since class started last week
at mine I think they've already had 43 test positive
there's likely going to be plenty of people on each college campus who catch it
honestly it's unsurprising then
ah
No, it was an email I got from my college
is this a meme
F
> Dear [college] Students,
> 
> An individual who was in the [redacted] Building on the [redacted] Campus, from 11:10 am to 2:05 pm on Thursday, August 27th has self-reported COVID positivity to [college]. The College has no way of confirming the accuracy of COVID positive self-reports and will act under the assumption that this information is provided in good faith.
> 
> The individual has not returned to campus since that date.
> 
> According to the CDC, the virus is not found on surfaces or in the air after 7 days if the area is not cleaned. The virus does not survive on cleaned surfaces. All buildings are subject to enhanced cleaning throughout the day and all buildings on the campus have been fully cleaned in the evenings. [Redacted] Building has been fully cleaned four times since this individual was on campus.
> 
>  
> 
> The College has created a website [redacted] to provide you a means of tracking COVID positivity reports.  
> 
>  
> 
> If you have any questions, please contact the Office of Emergency Management.
I thought she was the actual VA for all of those characters until it got to R
this is totally worth watching; best thing I've seen all day: 
https://www.reddit.com/r/nextfuckinglevel/comments/ikl7ns/anna_brisbins_got_mad_talent/
Can you make humans do that?
i hate it thanks
what a nightmare
coffee is a life source not to be underestimated
coffee tastes ok but is way too harsh compared to that smooth c o m f o r t of tea
I like black coffee, but coffee is best when you add some milk or something to make it creamier and dilute the flavor a little
but not necessarily bad bad
tea just tastes like worse water
nah coffee tastes bad
they both taste equally bad to me
kay but black coffee tastes bad lol
Coffee has more usually by volume
coffee hits quicker though due to how caffeine dense it is
they both have caffeine
I'd agree because coffee is more useful
Coffee is better than tea
by adding bitterness
all of the above are actively making water worse
I'm just preaching the truth
I'll put you in trash tier if you keep up with that kind of talk
just put them all in trash tier
black tea > coffee > green tea
Unlike your birthday!!
Also tea is terrible
Happy birthday Tammie and Danger!!
I'm just that cool
🤔
in thousands of years they'll discover you're the cause of all of mankind's problems, Joe
I agree with pi; tea is just so nice and comforting
uhhh huh
and people with anti-cilantro genetics were just ahead of the game
clearly in thousands of years they'll discover that secretly cilantro is the cause of all of mankinds problems
just you wait
literally genetically inferior
so im just preaching the truth
it does
you probably think cilantro tastes like soap too
you rat bastard
I unironically think pepto bismol tastes better than tea
medicine > tea
tea for pleasure
regular water for hydration
regular water >>>>>>>>>>>
you have to like the idea of green tea flavored things
actually maybe I was wrong in saying you have to like actual green tea
bitter leaf water is disgusting
I agree with echks
I love leaf water
disagree
tea 🤢
(kind of like the matcha frappe at Starbucks)
I personally really like it, but I don't think it's necessarily based on the fact that you like green tea.  
I find that some are more green tea flavoured, but there's also some that are way more creamier (and sugarier imo) that dilute the taste
GREEN TEA MOCHI IS S TIER
GREEN TEA ICE CREAM IS AMAZING
GOOD
REALLY GODO
although that's based on the premise you like the taste of green tea
it's pretty good @Skrimiche
How good is it actually
Has anyone here had green tea ice cream?
Aye happy birthday birthday buddy
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
EYYYY birthday buddy @Bugcat
happy birthday, @Bugcat and @Maktackle !!!  🎉
Unicode Consortium says trans rice
<:peepoTrans:725740469534982315>
w
nice
apparently the trans flag got accepted by the Unicode Consortium, so theoretically it should in an update, within a few months, to be available to be used as an emoji
ahh that makes sense now
Also to Angela apparently they both come from Arabic sariba meaning to drink, but sorbet came via French and sherbet via Turkish and/or Persian
yeah
because you don't like chocolate
actually robin might make more sense
smh
how have so many of you not heard of these
wtf

Is there ice cream drumsticks?
I also thought chicken what
it's terrible
can someone tell me why the endings of sorbet and sherbet are pronounced differently
^^^^^^
can't believe alex thought it was a chicken drumstick
lmao
never mind I have been corrected
Thtats not ice cream
^
drumsticks are the best ice cream
but drumsticks
this is late
me tooo ugh
Financial aid documents trying to end me <:tiredocto:548620128095567905>
Ice cream sandwiches also based
Chocolate is based
hipsters
ok
chocolate is the vanilla of flavors
okay I actually don't really like chocolate ice cream
chocolate icecream
I see that you have a correct opinion for once
the chocolate options > fruit ones
for once i agree with joe
Shaved ice was probably the worst item and didn't even deserve to be sold
Popsicles were pretty garbage imo
Drum sticks, cookie sandwiches, and ice cream sandwiches were tbe best
those red white and blue popsicles do be lookin pretty good
but like if i HAD to
ive very rarely seen ice cream trucks
idk if y'all know about Dibs but that was a childhood favourite
also Dibs
and idk if you can get this from an ice cream truck, but I also really love ice cream bars (vanilla ice cream w/ chocolate coating + nuts; look up Haagen Dazs ice cream bar)
I don't like artificial fruit flavours, and you can't go wrong with an ice cream sandwich
I'm a basic ice cream sandwich person
@Maktackle what about your ice cream truck order?
but mint chip is good, and it gets twice as good when it's green
in terms of regular ice cream, strawberry is usually the best flavor available
this stuff is the best from ice cream trucks

im very much biased towards caramel ice cream
As for non-truck ice cream mango or black raspberry every day
I feel like I maybe got to go to like two or maybe three in total, mostly I just got to watch them from the playground that we weren't allowed to leave at school lol
for you, what is your favourite flavour from a grocery store?
~~it's okay they're not even that good anyways~~
:c
where i live
there's no ice cream trucks
August 25, 2020 — Question of the Day:
What is your go-to ice cream truck order?
@​here
Google knows your personality too well
why am I getting Halloween promotions it's not even September yet
viejita tho
i'm elderly
oldie
oh dang
senior
close
wait so are you like a junior now then?
yea
What is personality? Is that like a psych class?
this + thesis
uhh here one sec
what classes are you taking?
that's good !!
2 of the 4 classes i had scheduled for today are async so it's not quite as hell as expected
not bad
if not, which ones are you looking forward to the most/least?
if you have classes today, how are they going?
man, sociology is going to kill me
I was going to put this in memes but I actually really like this
https://youtu.be/6CDNKNaxJSA
Eh oversalted and the broth is kinda weak 2/10

puff pastry is not pie dough
wtf no that is not a pie
Yes?
Are poptarts baked?
wouldn't that make some cakes pies
it would make sense that a beef wellington, a poptart, and maybe a calzone would be a pie

but if we go by the google definition of what a pie is
I think the british are just weird bc that is not a pie
no
does this mean that a pop tart and a calzone would also qualify as pies
apparently beef wellington is considered a pie?
rip
It wasn't worth the time investment
That also happened to be the night I decided to try slow-cooking pasta sauce so the good news was that when I was done, my sauce was done
One time I wrote an entire ~8 page research paper the night it was due; the first time I *looked at the prompt,* I had roughly six hours.
if you dont write your essays at 4am the day theyre due youre not doing school right
exactly
I'm an absolute productivity machine when something's due in five seconds
The quality strat is to just finish things asap so you can forget about them and not have to plan ahead
I know my tendencies
see at least I don't delude myself
I so feel that echks
Oh scheduling and planning stuff out is gross
Every semester I have like two weeks where I'm like "fuck yes I'm going to plan out Everything and be Super Organized and it'll be Great" and then at some point in the third week I completely give up on it for the rest of the term
Clearly I'm just here to flex on the plebs
why are you even here
disgusting
look at you and your non-procrastinating self
And finish early
So i can watch them all early
math stopped being good when multiplication tables stopped being an achievement
if I'm not forced to do something I will procrastinate it forever
I like to have my classes recorded
Well somewhat
^
fuck life schedules
Math is good until you get to the actually complicated stuff
see I feel like I'd prefer all synchronous so I actually go to class and have some semblance of a life schedule
yeah my classes are all synchronous except my chem
and your entitled to it
thats your opinion
math GOOD
me, when they involve math
Oof all synchronous classes sounds painful
who doesn't love standardized tests
im gonna have to take that eventually then. yikes
oh GROSS
it's the standardized test that you do for grad school
whats that
tomorrow
The downside to this is that I have to take the GRE uh
At least I'm an hour better than pi
That makes me feel better about having sunken into a sleep-at-6-am lifestyle
quarantine basically gave me a gap semester so ive sunken into this sleep-at-7-am lifestyle and am terrified to change it
big same
genuinely hasnt sunken in yet that classes are starting again
I definitely disagree
math is acceptable
sorry @Xompop
arguably math is the worst major
I'd take bio over chem or (especially) physics tho
worst subject 0/10
ikr 😅 😰
bio 🤢
meaningg tomorrowww
waiting 'til the weekenddd
still have bio prep work to do on moodle  ; u ;
hahah saaame
this is fine
it's dawning on me that my classes start in like three days
oh no
i cant access my acc while waiting for tech support response so i have no idea what my schedule is gonna look like for sure yet 😎
i have no idea my professors haven't put anything on canvas yet
o
as opposed to asynchronous where you can watch the recorded lecture on your own time
zoom meeting basically
synchronous?
how about y'all?
rip in all synchronous classes for me
(all except one, and the discussion section is synchronous)
stay safe !!!
oh oof :c
Most of the engineering classes are online but I gotta go back bc of my life science labs
I have family members who are immunocompromised im staying the hell away
Yeah fuck that
so no i dont trust people im not going anywhere near there
ive already seen a video of a university of miami (not my school but close) small dorm that had like 10 kids in close quarters with no masks
I'm not going to campus because while its an option, I think people are idiots and things are going to go terribly
for us, only people with required in-person classes (labs, studios, etc.) are allowed on campus, 
so that means more screen time for me 😎 ⚰️
which means i'm not going outside
we have the option to do in-person stuff but they can only have like 7 students in the room at once and all the lectures and stuff get posted online
I basically never left but no in person classes anyways
Are y’all going back to campus?
and if you press the arrow keys it plays techno sounds
it takes you to a screen that shows you a bunch of discord hotkeys
I'm on mobile but I'm curious now
^^^^^ so loud oof oof owie
it's so loud dear lord
I love this thank you
youre welcome :)
and then any arrow keys
press ctrl / on discord
Verdana is a good font
Times New Roman hurts my eyes if it's used with large amounts of text
because you don't have to write as much
which makes it better
it's scientific fact that arial is larger than times new roman
actually yeah
no
@Instantramen_ no
no
@Instantramen_
Nah fuck that Arial > Times New Roman don't @ me
I just always use times new roman over it because thats the rule
Its alright
this is the arial agenda
like sure put it out there for the freaks who WANT to use it but dont push it in my face
i dont like that its considered one of the "default ones"
awful arial hugger
I know *you* don't
I don't think it's that bad
I will get the Pope involved to get rid of this awful font
I think I literally want to launch a Crusade against it
hey y'all, 
weird question but how do you feel about the font Arial
thank u conroy
~~currently one key on Humble is on sale for $11.24, so this really is a steal~~
dont steal it's forbidden by the law i think
This ScreenCheat 4-pack is only $13.49 (about ~$3 per person), which is kind of honestly a steal ??
https://www.humblebundle.com/store/screencheat-4-pack
I liked Teen Titans because ~~Jinx was a cool character and I wanted to be her~~ of the interactions between the team and I enjoyed the side characters a lot, and how they all uniquely tied into the plot. Like Avatar there were standalone episodes that connected to an overarching plot, with well written characters.
Disney XD had Gravity Falls which raises it a lot
disney xd was top tier
thank you
love the name @echks big fan
cartoonnetwork > nick/disney cmm
Was so good
Digimon
OH
Best shows were the ones where the fate of the world was decided by children's games
Avatar was the bees knees
Had a few but Danny Phantom is the one that comes to mind
we just gonna ignore the GOAT Mythbusters here
Avatar!
there we go
why is my name still disney echks dee
there's only one right answer here
Yugioh was where it was at though
Clearly johnny bravo was peak tv
any favourite characters too?
what about the shows did you like? o:
pokémon
teen titans
August 2, 2020 — Question of the Day:
What was your favorite show as a kid?
@​here
the more magnet the more smelly
even planets
no all magnets
They just smell like metal
think about it
question of the day: magnets smell bad
just play minecraft through the pain
oh no
took me a while to realize that barony isnt pronounced like brony
o:  good luck y'all
seems like you’ll have the worst then echks
epic
it skips Miami mwahaha
i put up my shutters and can no longer see anything when i turn the lights off
is the florida gang ready for hurricane isaias
thanks, ill try it right now with a friend :)
co-op roguelike dungeon crawler
it's hella fun
y'all should pick up Barony from Epic Games (free)
the call
okay we are in
i'm down
I can't today, but I'd definitely be down for it if you decide to play sometime in the future o:
would anyone like to play minecraft
gotta make sure to meld it onto yourself
Or wear diamond armor <:minecraft:634439160387731477>
just burn of all your skin and you never have to do skincare
Take care of your skin gamers
This is me when I homosex server
clearly this man just knows you're very much into those homosex servers and just wanted to help
I can't believe you got into a homosex server and you didn't invite me
i would just block that dude tbh
weird
yeah. . . .
i cant find any of his accounts through that name
thats weird
also, they have a very interesting username. . . .
I don't even know
how do they even find u then
they just sent me a friend request out of nowhere.  no friends or servers in common so
yeahh probably
but im scared it would be some weird IP grabbing shit
i kinda want that link cause im curious
now I'm just confused
this sounds like a scam?  hella shady

laddiebugs
yes
Clearly they're called laddiebugs
Gentlemenbugs
Maybe they were gay
i mean you finally knew which one was a *lady*bug haha
umm wild
😳
I looked it and apparently they can go at it for two hours so I think I made the right choice kicking them off
I finally stood up because I didn't want them laying eggs on my jeans or something and they started walking up my leg, still attached to one other 🤔
some of us have to pay to get a show like that up front
lucky
Oh my 👀
Get a room maybe???
I lie down in the grass for 20 minutes and sit up and see this on my leg
Huh, that's pretty cool actually
So I was curious if it was a dialect like fossil or something or if I was just bad at hearing
But I learned yesterday that in this context egg actually derives from edge
Well growing up I always knew it to be edge on until my 6 grade English teacher told me otherwise
edge on just reminds me of edging
I'm uncultured, only time I've heard edge is "I'm on edge" or smth
what the heck does edge on even mean
I say edge on when I’m flirting
egg on
egg on
Egg on
as in like to provoke
hey question does anyone here ever say to "edge on" or do all y'all say "egg on"
I've missed these trumpets
holy heck oo:
They’ve been going for almost 700 hours and have 2 badges
These fish are playing Pokémon sapphire
https://youtube.com/watch?v=KHrD633OZiI&feature=youtu.be
God
My
Oh
red district/blue district?
i took mine about a month and a half ago and the examiner straight-up was not in the same car as me once
yikes
and he wasn't wearing a mask
the examiner was like lmao you can take off your mask if you want
what the heck
no
did you have the weird fucky social distancing test too
Niiice
license
License or permit?
Congrats 🎉
thank u guys
Yay for u
that's great !!  c :
nice!!
Congrats!!
guys i passed my driver’s test
I have no idea what you're talking about it's literally the most hot and sunny part of the year in ma
August is grey since its just the foggy and dreary month of the year
:)
imagine the sky trying to kill you for several months out of the year
b/c grey is commonly associated with boredom
grey august is both cause of hurricane season and cause of back to school
maybe we feel that way bc of florida hurricane season
i can see it, even as an august birthday person
grey august is the hottest take ive seen all day
January - Light blue, like the color of lunar's name on the server
February - Deep pink, maybe something like reddish magenta?
March - Forest green 
April: Dark blue 
May - Peach 
June - Mellow yellow 
July - Reddish orange, pure flames
August - Grey 
September - Purple 
October - Orange duh 
November - Brown duh 
December - Red
skrim
tell em
christmas ads are everywhere by the time december rolls around, I have seen 30 santa hats by dec 1
how is it not red
I can compromise that it's white, but def not red
having december as blue is a crime
i will die on that hill
december is white or red
Jan blue
Feb pink
March green
April pink
May yellow
June yellow
July yellow
August yellow
September orange
October orange
November brown
December red
okay maybe only like half
Jan - purple
Feb - pink
March - green
April - teal
May - light green
June - yellow
July - ? idk red, white, blue?  I genuine don't know
August - red
September - brown
October - orange
November - brown
December - blue
I think I disagree with most of your colours
January Teal, February Pink, March Purple, April Blue May Light Green, June Yellow, July Sky Blue, August Red, September Brown, October Orange, November Grey, December White
December is blue bc winter = cold = blue 🥶
December is totally blue or purple
no
December is green duh
no
december is red and you cant say otherwise
https://imgur.com/a/88iEGJo (months, emotions, relationships + different colours)

from this reddit post: https://www.reddit.com/r/SampleSize/comments/hmw0rw/results_what_color_is_this/
I personally thing Sean is the worst John name
Yeah Ian is the Scottish version
yeah idk, I was just like "oh yeah, Jan, Ian (e-on), perfect"
I suppose
Or Johnathan
Maybe like a Johnny
Ian is cursed here
I was completely on board with it until I saw Ian
i really don't know
Why
What the fuck is Ian
I'm sleep-deprived so I don't know what it all means or why, but please analyze my John/Jon/Joan/Jean/Juan/Ian/Jan/Johan/Johannes alignment chart

never heard of like half those schools
but yeah what the heckie
*squints at mount ida*
(tho this map is kinda out of date and some of these schools have been bought out by others now)
ok so I knew Boston had a lot of colleges but what the heck
https://i.redd.it/glrmdm4d1e351.png
poor guy
that sure is something
god i wish that was me
a moth just scared me and then flew directly into the fan in my room, dying instantly
only game I recognize is deus ex
I'm thinking of getting it for Deep Sky Derelicts + Table Manners, but I need a third game to get the $9.99 deal
does anyone have any games they recommend from this bundle?
https://www.fanatical.com/en/pick-and-mix/platinum-collection-build-your-own-bundle-june-july-2020
https://www.reddit.com/r/SampleSize/comments/hk6gby/repost_casual_how_would_you_use_this_vegetable_in/
Steam Summer Sale is live rn !
put on 3 pairs of genes, eat only asparagus and start peeing
wear another pair
im literally wearing genes rn what more do you want from me
u also need the gene
That explains a bit cause I drink a ridiculous amount of water
Oh
I find that often times the only reason I can smell it is due to the acidity caused by dehydration
If you can smell ur pee u need to drink more water
Don’t really notice my pee smell
I eat asparagus plenty often
I dont feel like most people focus on what their piss smells like after eating asparagus
also, I really don't believe that you don't know what your pee smells like.  like, the smell is just there
uh, you don't really have to actively be sniffing it.  it's very pungent
(~53% of people are able to smell this)
I don't eat asparagus or smell my pee
Apparently, asparagus does change the smell of your pee, but there's a gene that determines your ability to smell it
I need to know if anyone else experiences this
https://strawpoll.com/12b67ax9
i’ve woken up with one on my face
yeah daddy long legs are the spiders
Huh wild
I use it for both
I think it's also that
No wings
Daddy long legs is the spider
the word i would use is "thing that should not be anywhere fucking near me"
Daddy long legs is the right name
i didn't have a name for any of the bugs
I had literally not heard of that name until I took the poll
You guys actually call them craneflies?
do craneflies even do anything bad
craneflies are very much in the northeast
God clearly didn't intend for humans to live there
Imagine living in the South
those lucky bastards who have the pleasure of not knowing of craneflies
Me calling all of the frozen things popsicles
pictured: your dad, apparently
dumb of them to have Papa as an option and not Baba, which is clearly the superior baby-babble paternal term
the only place i was out of the general majority was what i call my grandparents, i think
the results are p interesting to look through
https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeBT6YVuZGQR7FzqgOK9q3-V1epr-LyxgzirosqpSWSkLIFsA/formResponse
rip
He never responded though
Yes
oh my god did people tell him?
like just the most gullible idiots who have never had to do anything with zero street smarts of any kind
i say this in the least offensive way possible but 80% of your schools population is made up of complete rubes
Lmao someone in my university's discord just talked about being hired and excited for their first job which is a mlm
Bring back persona 1 fuhrer
not to be a homoesexualé but persona 2 duology is fantastic underrated spectacular and deserves a 2nd remaster and thats that
persona 2 rights WHEN
not pog enough
pog
Persona 3 and 4 probably confirmed coming to steam pog
https://www.reddit.com/r/coolguides/comments/gxqph3/childhood_pop_culture_of_the_gen_x_millennial_and/
Woah, it also works of you just type in queer or trans or asexual or something like that
The jig is up before it began
You're onto me
Dang
false
You can just search up gay or pride
oh thats neat
look what google does whenever you search "gay flag" or "rainbow flag"
wait i only just found out
Oh boy
My last insta post was right before I started high school 😳
Echks is an oil tycoon 😳
wait nvm i found
the only one i could find was from UAE
thank
ok followed
two s's because echks was taken
it's echkss
go for it
idc can i follow u
my last instagram post was july 2017
okay yeah that worked
Try @mikeleseverri
Wait I jebaited u oops
it’s not coming up when i search for it rip
I haven’t posted in a while but you should follow in case I decide to become active again @mikelxeseverri
if any of you have an instagram i’d love to follow u
The two p's of worm food
Isn't it just like, plants and poop
Dirt
But apparently people think about eating worms more than they think about what worms eat
I searched up worm nutrition, thinking I would get information about what I should eat if I were a worm, or like if I had a pet worm or something and I was wondering what to feed it
Stay hydrated
🤔
Rn its ok. My A/C has been broken for the past week so nights are painful but you get used to it
In like 2011 or so, down in Houston we had several days of 105+ in a row, several times during summer, with high humidity. It was bad, lots of people got heat stroke
Ye 90 is normal
@pi can I just say is Texas really livable territory when this entire week has been 90s with air quality warnings
uwu
he's denying the reality of his situation
LOL
that's the best thing I've heard and will probably hear all day thank u
joined uwu crew only because lunar made me stop saying uwu in front of his cool irl friends to prevent them from thinking he was dating an egirl
!! ty
it looks v good !!
hell yeah my man
And I’m already ahead of schedule this year so
But im incapable of taking more than like 5 selfies in a year
It’s a lil thiccer now
That picture was a month and a half ago
lol
it's so long now
holy heck your beard @Maktackle
yoink those pronouns
Bastard
Give them back echks
huh, it might not be working?
pronouns obtained
How do I do the color thing
~~I dumped on @Instantramen_ and behold~~

Any uwuers?
👀👉👈
I’m not sure what the dumper dumpee roles are for but I dig it
BIG

oh yeah, it is
i think its 2 and the presequel
borderlands 1 + 2 free on epic games until 6/4 at 11:00 am
So the doctors you've talked to are probably correct
There were already symptoms of the virus before the official news came out, but because of the way the chinese government works we didn't hear about it until later
idk that’s just what happened when my mom asked questions
the conspiracy bit was more aimed at jinx's doctors lmao
yeah yeah its really messed up any study abroad plans
We have travel programs ingrained into our learning curriculum, so the news when it first came out alarmed most of us
it makes more sense that, considering what we know now about how many people are asymptomatic, that there were invisible carriers of it back in december who were traveling back from china to the us that nobody was aware of rather than some fucking. sinophobic conspiracy
Since we have a major travel project program and that news was basically damming us
Yea my whole schooler knew about it in November/December when it broke out in wuhan
Ye it was apparently in many countries by november and december
huh that's pretty interesting
Yeah idk doctors i've talked to think china lied abt when the outbreak began so
December? Dang I didn't even know it was in the US at that point
it was back in december
yes
Wait so yall already caught corona once?
but they thought since my mom and i were sick then they were exposed and therefore had the antibodies
but they didn't get sick, only my mom and I did
my sister and my father got tested today, both came back negative
Florida
though honestly if its you *and* your mom then its most likely you guys have the antibodies and the rest of us are weak baby people
so the more people sick the more accurate those tests are because if a test is like 95% accurate, but only 5% of people have it you get a 50% chance of you having a false positive
out of curiosity what state are you in? because i just read about how the 50% number came about and as weird as it sounds it actually comes from how many people in the state overall have antibodies(or like, how many have gotten sick as a good estimate)
so even if it is 50% there’s only a 6% chance or so that they all come back positive
Luckily my whole family is getting tested, my mom and i got tested yesterday and both came back positive and my dad and sister are getting tested rn so hopefully those come back positive as well
but i hope you have the antibody so that you wouldn't be able to get sick
i read it had like a 50% chance of being wrong? idk im confused about that i didnt look too deeply
i wish tests were more available and for antibody test results to actually mean something
but my parents wanted me to
ik the tests aren't too reliable
i tested positive for coronavirus antibodies and so did my mom so :P
okay yeah that's fair
in my defense most of my games are under a minute long (or even just a few seconds)
it's a good game to do absentmindedly when you're talking to people
why
wtf
What a legend
what the shit robin
what
y'all I just found out that I play an average of 81 minesweeper games a day
I think it's an improvement
god no
Clearly we need xXPeachySillyzzzXx
Incredible
I'm changing it rn
and I must have had the same problems bc the ign is PeachySillyz 🤮
oh, apparently I did have an epic games account
okay, just asking in case you make a new ig name
I think they probably do
bc if so god no
do people see your display name in multiplayer games
but first
okay maybe
bring back PeachySIllyz lets go
ugh
xXPeachyonXx2000
just put a number in it
okay, but why are they taken then
i'll fight them for it
you
no seriously
🤔
ok but who tf is coming up with these names
well probably a lot more names taken because fortnite is a free game w/ lots of players
I've entered at least 5 pretty unique usernames and they're telling me it's already taken 😭
i refuse
no

try PeachySillyz
whom'st've
KDJHFSJDHFDS

who the heck is taking my name 😭
what do mean it's already taken
gotta love how EGS is a better humblebundle game-wise
civ 6 is free on EGS
yes but you shouldn't
Could you draw designs into your hair? Like if you want the back of your head to say "owo" in bright pink
you could get like little fins and stuff to be hydrodynamic
I feel like that'd be hella cool
I highkey want my skin to have a faint glow under a black light
luck
and if you lose the pen lol good uck
but yeah i think it would control your hair until it runs out of ink
lol that'd be funny
and then someone else has control of your hair
like what if you lose the pen
hmm
can anyone press it
does it have to have ink or just when you press the button
oh dang that's really cool
click one of those multicolored pens and then ur hair becomes that color
I feeeel like that's not really cosmetic but at this point anything goes; I just like hearing all the ideas and this is hypothetical anyways
like with a button or smth
balloon time
if modifications relating to weight are allowed, i would want to be around 5x my size, but keep the same weight
or like hair that changes as quickly and easily as led lights
but i don't want snake hair
why dye your hair when you can have snake hair jinx
but you could replace your bones I guess ?  idk; everything is kind of up for debate
I'd want my hair to do pigment really well, so whenever i dye my hair it shows up super bright without having to bleach it yknow
What about weight loss surgery
it does not count
uhhhh honestly I was thinking mostly looks but like there's a lot of grey areas
For example, does something along the lines of extra-dense bones count
> May 19, 2020 — Question of the Day:
> Say our technology has advanced incredibly but only is cosmetics, if you could character customize yourself to appear any way, what would you add/augment?
I'd like more information on the restrictions here. Can the cosmetic changes have any practical benefits, or just for looks
wait whaaa
> like can i have a cosmetic change to just be blurry
Japan already invented that
excuse me?
If you make the testicle big enough, I bet you'd float
like can i have a cosmetic change to just be blurry
do you need it to be big
fuck it, no testicles
wait can i be censored!
what about a dynamic cosmetic change where the body is in constant flux between large and small limbs and organs at random times so its kinda hard to look at you.
Why even bother with two testicles, at that point just have one big one
why NOT
angela
but why
"Dont talk to me or my son ever again"
so you kinda have to waddle everywhere
now we're asking the real questions
what about one really big testicle and one very small testicle
oh true
i mean you cant get sued by a corporation for a tattoo of their intellectual property right
I assume they only can if you monetize it, but who wouldnt
:)
The real question is if Parker Brothers can sue you for having a Nerf modification
danger, 
I'm not saying no, but I'm saying ***no***
though to be fair its nerf or nothing
you're banned from all birthday parties
birthday parties suddenly get a lot more fun
is allowed as long as it can't shoot bullets
gun penis
i absolutely want to replace what ive got with an iconic 2007 nerf super soaker blast
yes
wait are we allowed to cosmetify genitals
look like guns
you're on thin ice
they just
they are perfectly normal organs
no one ever said you can use those weapons
hold on, weapons? Now that clearly crosses the line. The prompt states strictly aesthetic modifications
wait what about a cosmetic change that makes your forehead glow whenever you're next to precious metals or gay men
Why not just use some kind of holographic device so that everyone sees what they want to see when they look at you
we should have swords and guns for organs so that airport security gets real awkward
think of all the weapons you can hide under non-transparent skin
normal skin: opaque, hides secrets beneath, cant be trusted

transparent skin: trustworthy, hides no secrets
we need more knuckles so we can have bigger words for knuckle tattoos
when you really think about it, clearly angela's suggesting this type of customization https://images-ext-2.discordapp.net/external/L7ah_SVgsQg5dr07eyfoKSv2jLb7ZvhmuqRCrLTh9Xo/%3Fwidth%3D425%26height%3D677/https/media.discordapp.net/attachments/486255652193435648/711610880005111868/glock_qae6ek.jpg
just get transparent skin
or you can have glowing neon blood
blood*
blow?
you can see you're blow flowing when you exercise
👎
⏬
joe have your skin on the inside out!!
gotta be able to turn it off though
It'd be fun to have that pitch black eye thing just to scare the shit out of people
👏 👏 bless angela
peachy invents perfect feminization surgery via question of the day (2020)
down boy down
I'll be a good clown
"genetically im a clown"
be prepared to live alone forever
i wont allow it either
he'll be rudolph instead
ill fight you
i wont allow it
you cant be a clown alex
So I could live out my clown dreams
joe have a big hand on your head so you have an extra muscle to work out
And a red nose
I'd want bigger feet
gotta add an extra foot of height of course
uhhh idk pitch your idea and I guess we'll see?
if that's an option
uhhhhh
I mean
rock-solid muscles o;
what type of cosmetics we talking about here
u could be like a ben 10 character
thank u angela
oh what about asteroid arms!! like they look like a series of broken rocks and arms held together by a plasma or a cosmos thing
tim your idea sounds wicked cool
(to be clear for me it'll only be cosmetic)
Oh
it's only cosmetic; you can't photosynthesize?
be afraid alex
i'll grow on you and absorb your nutrients like fungus
So I wouldn't have to eat
tattoos can be made out of different colored roots
I wish I could photsynthesize
like have leaves and flowers on some parts of my arms and make them more viney and stuff
elaborate
sometimes the iris changes, or I could make my eyes all black just for funsies
i want to be a plant hybrid
I think colour-changing eyes would be cool too
cute derp
does my avatar count as cute
ooh, that's kind of sick !
i could get like a smart watch
like the way iron man has that thing protruding out his chest
ooooooh actually that's so useful
thats built inside my wrist
but i would want a watch
this is kinda pointless
you just feed them mice
its the same as having pets
but also a pain to take care of
snake hair sounds hella dope
and I'd just want to decorate it occasionally with like silver body paint, or make it marionette-ish sometimes
like a pirate
idk why, but I was thinking about this in the car while driving to my dorm and like
I want a prosthetic leg that looks like my leg (is the colour of my skin, just a tad bit shinier + more synthetic-looking)
snake hair
(oh, btw, procedures are painless, just for the sake of this question)
@​here
May 19, 2020 — Question of the Day:
Say our technology has advanced incredibly but only is cosmetics, if you could character customize yourself to appear any way, what would you add/augment? 
(Mainly I was wondering if anyone would get like prosthetics, or like a cyborg eye)
okay, now that I'm done moving out of my dorm and eating,
also geckos dont wear masks
just happy cute
no no i dont want clever cute tho
just put a mask over your current avatar, that way its topical and quirky, therefore cute
yes but then I won’t look different enough
picrew gang
correct
just make a picrew
i have been at a loss for what to put as mine
this is irrelevant but I’m jealous all of you have cute profile pictures
aw hell damn
phd in minced oaths
~~okay wait i gotta go for now but i was going to do a qotd~~
She’s got a PG potty mouth
This is Angela’s greatest expertise
echks.
that's hilarious
i'm gonna start saying hell damn now
but even their actual counterparts... like hell damn isnt a phrase
i've only heard people say darn heck as a way of being like joke-pg
like damn but pg
no
is that a real phrase
what. what is darn heck
also
it's very complicated
they're interchangeable
like darn heck
now That i have never heard before
what . is "heck darn"
"you're heck darn oh no i am"
not
so it has to be an affirmative
"you're darn tootin i am" as a response to someone saying "are you gonna do thing"
and I learned that I was wrong today :c
I thought it was like heck darn
okay
"thats right"
Idk hard to give a more specific definition
It's an affirmative phrase
what do you think "darn tootin'" means
without looking it up
im so pogfish
based conroy?? <:pogfish:685972553499803664>
you're in too deep
can't disappoint your fans now
guess that's a popular fad
why
i tweeted something similar to eat the rich on twitter and now i have dozens of people in my twitter mentions
what
wow it's not even easter

Aww thanks guys
oh yeah, congrats !!! 🎉 🎉 🎉 don't know why i didn't see this until now
congrats tammie \o/
~~it's a bot~~

rip
I feel so dead
Holy shit the school year finally ended for me
what a scam
smh not that everyone has gone to do dinner stuff I'm out of excuses not to code
Just do a buzz cut
Its literally just going to be a headband to keep my hair from covering my forehead and eyes
I've never seen you do anything with your hair
I want to see this 👀
I'm sorry what
I've accepted destiny and just bought a headband
I barely trust professionals to do my hair right, much less myself
oof rip
a couple strands
I did a self hair cut and then stopped after butchering like
Just cut it all off
Mhm #INeedAHaircut
Oh yeah  @Maktackle clearly you're diving right into the beach nowadays right
I see
He actually started a dance crew called “The Florida Men” in LA
Are you sure I thought he was in the Florida men news
I hear danger100ish moved to LA and became an actor, writer, musician, photographer, and entrepreneur
I really wonder what happened to danger100ish and PeachySillyz
Same
But since he hasn’t been active here in years I’ve thought a lot about him
That guy was pretty cool
I miss CertainlyNotJoe
that happened to me too robin it’s ok
well I think it's pretty well established by now that I'm dumb af
why has half of this server not made the connection that she's jinx
sementables
I should read introductions chat more
ohh also TIL you're jinx lmao
rip
well I've been reading your name wrong all this time then
if you really wanna do Cementables then u can say Sementables
oof
no n
Cemetables
it’s a joke misspelling of Cemeteries already
no
have you considered that maybe you've been spelling your username wrong yourself this whole time?
YOU SPELLED MY USERNAME WRONG ON THE CHART
Rythm bot
me too
I thought Alex would've been significantly above cynthia
I'm actually surprised Alex is so high
The other is probably largely machine if I had to guess
I just don’t always give input
I do read everything here
i'm surprise danger wasn't higher too
Tbh I was surprised you weren’t higher actually
i'm surprised i'm higher than tim and conroy tbh
and Alex is so low
I'm surprised that there's such a large amount of other
smh angela so toxic
damn do i really talk that much?
to no one's surprise peachy is #1
also like, 4 people have posted almost exactly half the messages in this chat and that's wild
yeah we only had so much effort to put in lmao
~~but the pie chart was really cool too~~
minus the pie chart
I did, it was v pretty
DID YOU LIKE THE COLORS ANGELA
OKAY BUT DID YOU LIKE THE COLORS
I guess I just ignore him
yeah I was shook
Joe talks a lot more than I thought he did wow
I have no idea
How is Cynthia's message count percentage so high
a clean 3.2

The inevitable has finally happened
but I got the data today and didn't want to redo it
in honor of 2 days from now is the 1000th day of the server
we made different design choices
of this chat's data
also chart!

we made graphs!

Yea the robot model looks like the reddit icon
last panel reminds me of the reddit icon

We had to make renders and turn them into a comic
also, what is the project? o:
what is it
woahh that's so cool
Why does my final project lookin like a shitty horror comic
Good thing, I get nervous looking at political stuff in public in case people are snooping around me and trying to see my phone, but if they think I’m just looking at 2D girls with fat boobies I’ll be safe

the new r/worldpolitics: https://www.reddit.com/r/anime_titties
were you one of those people
glad they're over
I remember those role play days
That's just how it be when you're hungry I guess
this is the worst thing I've read all day I'm dying
mild-nsfw but highkey cringe warning: https://m.imgur.com/gallery/gu1BX
the human brain is stupid
why does my bed feel so comfortable when I'm trying not to sleep
its real
no
~~wait, you know that's photoshopped right~~
thanks im gonna be saving that for purposes
jjofuckingJACKED
just throwing in a lil extra for u
the muscles come with the glasses
That’s the plan
get jjonak glasses
im trying to finally get cute glasses for the first time in my life
heck
lol
Clearly your pfp suggests otherwise
i don't wear glasses >:(
idk why but the first pic gives me such a 2000s vibe and I really dig it
also I love your hair so much!!!
glasses are cool
Smh why does literally everyone in this chat wear glasses
I totally forgot
omg you did
i got glasses back in august and i posted a picture then
(or is my memory really off)
you also got glasses?
also echks is right what the heckity heck
it looks really good !
I'm such a sucker for tinted hair
ahhhHh i love it
lol
i always forget aging is real
well i am older
holy shit you look older wtf
i dyed my hair
all I know about grimes is this
I honestly don't know
yeahhh, I saw that
I've heard money is a pretty attractive feature
okay but literally how are they a couple, Grimes did this whole thing talking about how they were going to do gender neutral parenting and that she didn't want to reveal the child's sex to keep the kid's privacy and meanwhile elon just went on twitter and announced it anyways
I will find and kill this child
clearly echks gotta go through a name change
i'm suing
I'VE BEEN SCAMMED
ey it u @echks
I just realized
their child's name is X Æ A-12
TIL
https://www.cnn.com/2020/05/08/entertainment/elon-musk-grimes-baby-name-pronunciation-scli-intl/index.html
also
oh boy
I wonder how this could go badly
covid 19 2
I sure am ready for campuses to reopen in the fall, and then have corona 2 immediately happen
(If the video doesn’t auto pop up click on the link)
my fucking school
https://twitter.com/FIU/status/1258537433521459200
i thought that was a gaming chair
That's kinda big brain
I see
But also therere the safety bars on the bottom for if its actually dropped
Bro lol
Sometimes you just gotta rely on fight or die reflex yknow
If u use the bigger weights u should be careful if u don't have a watcher
oh no
I'm finally ready to bunker down in quarantine
When the due date's at 8am:
y'all what you have one job
uh, again UMass is hecking up the refunds ?
https://www.reddit.com/r/umass/comments/gd605v/was_anyone_else_charged_an_extra_750_in_federal/
true
glad that my programming class is making the important decisions
What an icon
Also can't believe danger got catfished in overwatch
Pshh all peach somethings are pretty much the same person amirite
that's also why my name ig is usually Peacheon or some variation of that
lmaoo
"you got jebaited"
SHE WAS LIKE "who the fuck is angela, peachy is a common ass name"
then i joined voice and IT WAS JUST SOME RANDOM GIRL
peachy joined my overwatch game when i was on a smurf and i was like "angela?" and then she asked who i was and i say maktackle and shes like "OMG NO WAY JOIN VOICE"
omfg
Like in the body part?
like in the time?
I thought colon was a number
what was the context
LETS LAUGH AT ROBIN
HA HA LETS LAUGH
HEY EVERYONE ROBIN THOUGHT COLON WAS A NUMBER
I’m just an easy target
There’s been at least three different servers that have made my name Micktickle independently of each other
there's no context for it which makes it 493983927292x funnier
i love that everyone's names are still mickey mouse themed
she responded omg you’re welcome
thank you i love everyone except mikel
same
New pic is cute tho!
Idk how I feel about moving octopus whatever down a slot. I'm gonna be misclicking for months
whast the fuck
Lucy I would literally cut off my toes for you right now
~~we love you~~
i hate mikel
Aww Lucy @looshy love us
the good ol' days:
if you can find one, sure
We should get an emote for that feeling like you’re about to ink
Oooh the icon finally loaded for me v cute squid
Wow Machine and Zan in the chat
Ohh
I found it lmao
I always assumed those weird randos were invited by angela
but a lot of people I rejected so
yeahhhh huh
and it's throwing me for a loop
Not many people I played speed uhc with
I have no idea who this kid is
he joined on the second day
No idea
Uh
he was there in the beginning and I have no idea who he is
who was this guy ???
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/460838826802151435/706220957567811704/unknown.png
alsoo
first meme award 🏆 @Maktackle
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/460838826802151435/706220665753305178/unknown.png
to this day we are still the ss
first joke award 🏆
uh huh
I still remember
I have no regrets over that
https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/460838826802151435/706220570458587146/unknown.png?width=460&height=671
for some reason this made me scroll to the beginning of the server and
also
it didn't seem necessary to have patch notes when it was like 8 people
2018 is when it started to get larger
Removed herobrine
>2018
oh neat
:c
I'm doubtful
I think it's always had patch notes o_O
this server has patch notes bro
fuck science it's time for me to drink tea tree oil and chamomile combined and fight god
i can use essential oils and teas to make myself immune to all diseases
that's the perfect plan
I was about to say what's wrong with that until I reread "oil"
tea's already pretty bad
would it really be worse
I mean
i just gagged a littl enever mind
instead of watr
making tea with boiling oil
consider this

Apparently Germany is opening next week too
~~who could have seen that coming~~
riiip
And bu ended up tracking people down using ip addresses provided by chegg
Also, fun fact, boston University just had a mass exam cheating scandal where people posted the test questions onto chegg
Well on the bright side ill just consider this an indirect way of lowering housing prices
But why
What could possibly go wrong
Well so my state is reopening restaurants and malls tomorrow
just consider it a novelty or hipster salad
you don't eat dried leaves for a salad.  at worst, they'll just be dry
but having a salad that's dry (lacking moisture) is different from having something dried out (with moisture completely removed)
~~yeahh~~
Also you clearly never got the vegetarian options as a kid
tea is made from dry ingredients
Tea is also not dry
name one example
wth is a dry salad
salads cannot be dry
>good
>salad
Clearly it's one or the other
Shitty salads but that's not the point
^
I have definitely had salads that are all one type of leaf before
the cooked vs raw part is not the issue here
I mean it says cooked vegetables, and id argue that drying food is a way of cooking vegetables
not salad
> a cold dish of various mixtures of raw or cooked vegetables, usually seasoned with oil, vinegar, or other dressing and sometimes accompanied by meat, fish, or other ingredients.
its leaves but its only one leaf
how is tea a salad
who says salads can't be dried
salads aren't dried
but definitely not salad juice
leaf juice I understand
not even the same ingredients in a salad
ummmm no?
tea is just gross salad juice
I agree with Robin
i'm gonna have to side with tim on this one
I’m with you, Robin

That would be human juice
I will rip every fiber out of your skin and make tea with it
thanks for coming to my ted talk
controversial but important: tea is basically just salad juice
'a military boondoggle'
i hear it a lot with regards to government spending
i assumed it was a fake word
wiiild

when ?
oh wild
would embezzle kind of be a synonym? (or related word)
undertale uses the word boondoggle once
so
it does sound v old-person-y
I've never heard of this word in my life until now
is that word really used that often?? I always think of it as an old person-y word
found a new word today
https://store.steampowered.com/app/201270/Total_War_SHOGUN_2/
one of the best Total war games is free rn if that's something you're at all interested in
welp send a tag out if you're planning to do it
oh i remember this looking cool
I'd probably be down
8 person multiplayer !
there's a free weekend for this game, and it looks like it could be fun o:
on a completely unrelated note, 
https://store.steampowered.com/app/774861/
but ugh whatever, I just applied the refund to my Fall tuition, so it doesn't immediately effect me.  (just missing like $2,000+ in grants no biggieeee)
I'm bad at explaining, but 
my adjusted cost of attendance - grants added back = -$318.50 net (so I'd be getting $318.50 back after that, I think?)
so, I just went online to check, and my balance is still in the negatives but significantly less so
I'm curious if the amount their financial reward was reduced by was more than the cost of attendance was reduced by
ummm what the heck umass ???

who even plays tf2 and cs:go anyways amirite
apparently the code was actually leaked two years ago and isn't actually a threat
Valve source games are back up 👍
especially when u have 3hr chem lab twice a week
omg don't stack all of your classes on two days, it's nightmarish
Just a reminder to NOT play any Valve Source Engine game like TF2, CS:GO, and Half Life because the pursefucker from the Blockland forums leaked all the source code and people are using it to breach your computer security
one of my friends had no class mon/wed and then on tues/thurs he'd have classes from fucking 9 am until 10 pm
Also after this summer I won't have any gen eds left to fill
I have not too many gen Ed classes recently @Peacheon since I'm trying to get as much relevant cs and technical knowledge classes in before I go work on co op for spring
i dont mind readings. better than essays
lit i can continue to piggyback my chemistry career
also, @NotJoe do you not have gen ed classes or ?
also, Alex might be in your Chem class
@fizzy lifting drinks oh yeah, I just looked at your classes and WGSS 290C is hella cool but *a lot* of reading (at least with the prof I had; only took it for like a week or so)
psh look at all these people having time for gen ed classes
had a class on human rights for 3 hours on friday this semester for a few weeks
with some three-hour courses thrown in on individual days
it's all either TR, MW, WF, or MWF
~~except for my chinese course which was 4 days a week~~
yeah pretty much everything at my school is either mwf or tt
i have a friend who just stacks all of his classes on tuesday/thursday
🤢
i have to take mwf classes until junior year
i can never go back
i have had four-day weeks since i started my sophmore year
one of these days ill have a day off
AUGH jealous
nothing on friday!
still have to add one class but there's a hold i gotta get the professor to life
wait wb friday
damn
vibing

wednesdays are hella cramped though

my earliest class is 11:30am
gonna try to continue my streak of never waking up for an 8am ever
our registration isn't until like late june I think
huh yeah I guess
you can change your classes for the first two weeks in sept
what if you like fail a class or something and have to retake it
yeah
wait are y'all registering for classes before you even take exams?
what do u have so far
rip
I usually search them beforehand but I didn't feel motivated to this time ahhHh
oh yeah, my sign-up was at like 5 pm and I'm still searching for classes
huh
and i wouldve missed it
we have one whole Swedish course
also ty for reminded me bc my sign up is now
oh neat we have two courses in tibetan
oh wait wait I hecked up I found it
liam was in hebrew first sem
i knew a kid taking hebrew last year
our Hebrew classes are also dead apparently
they teach hebrew but only biblical hebrew 😓
oh dang that is hella cool
there's also a good number of courses in local first nations languages which is pretty cool
Slavic (also not a language) is also a dead category :ccc
oh neat eyy !
and Scandinavian :cc  (not a language ik but still)
oh hey my school also has a single catalan course
and Haitian Creole :c
I'm just kind of messing around and checking out courses ^^  there's a section for Dutch too, but no courses ripperoni
ah ok
pretty rad tho

it's a language spoken on the east coast of Spain
whats catalan
lmaoooooo nice
that's highkey awesome
and it's just 3 courses taught by this one prof
there's a section of courses just for Catalan, which I thought was cool (bc it's p niche)
so, it's time to pick classes for next semester (ahhHh), and
well I should note it's included in the original language subtitles, but not the english ones
Or else hard of hearing people are missing out on part of the context
I think they should use exactly what’s said
I may be overthinking this but I'm kinda curious about other people's thoughts
random question: if you're watching a historical show in another language, and they use some sort of time measurement that is no longer in use and isn't the 24 hour variety, when you are subtitling does it make more sense to use the 24 hour system, or do you try to incorporate it somehow to keep the historical authenticity? 

Like I'm watching a show that takes place in at time when they used a 12 hour clock, so the character says essentially "two (historical unit of time)", but the subtitles said "4 hours"
and sometimes the credit that your college gives doesn't fit in with your tracking sheet
i did go to a private prep school though so everyone felt pressured to do well and it just created such a toxic environment
it's dumb how people get competitive over it and it definitely was like that at my high school
aps only really matter for college credit but the way high schools /college board present them is misleading
that mikel guy is such a loser
ah
younger
he left ours in junior year to a preppier place
or just is younger
did he get held back
oof
hes actually just finishing up his senior year of hs now
in ten years you arent gonna be putting on ur resume "i got a 5 in whatever ap"
yeah sure u might be in ap classes but does that really make u better than everyone else?
i hate people who go for the whole "academic elite" nonsense
Did he end up bring a stem major or a business major
Yikes
which he told me he placed me in, but he also said that i'm different from them and that he didnt expect me to be there
and by that i mean he literally grouped some people in the school into the "academic elite" in his head
he was pretty elitist
i think he hates me now
it was actually the first person from my school i had ever opened up to
Or was it a rando
Did you know the dude
Oof
dear lord
and he said "huh, that's strange, i didn't think she would go for someone of your class"
where this guy found out i had started dating my current gf
today im thinking about a time in 2017
again, you don't need to have the game to play -- just Parsec !
(didn't mean to send that tag before the message oops)
anyone want to play Overcooked 2?
@​here
yes
@Conroy can you confirm

depends on the sick
depends. if its a cold or smthn yes, but like a common experience with the flu and stuff like that is that its hits all at once like within an hour you have a fever and a headache and etc. etc.
i'll go to bed and just KNOW i'm waking up sick
or the night before
i can tell when i'm getting sick, but only a day before
last last week was the first time i actually had a consistent headache for more than 2 days so i could really tell that i was getting sick
what usually happens is i keep pushing my body until i cant and that results in getting sick
i can tell im getting sick b/c i start downplaying the symptoms
Or just more
Also have you considered sleeping earlier 🤔
Don't really have a mental thing
I pretty much always have a feeling in my throat whenever I'm about to be sick, probably because it's usually a cold or something like that
But not like mental feelings, feelings like ow ooh oohey this stomach feels kinda bad
Or just general shitty feelings
I can’t tell I’m sick until I get a symptom
No
idk, like can you just sense it in your body
sorry, i didn't see this
can you elaborate on that question
um
question though: 
do y'all also feel/sense when you're about to be sick
I'm really feeling the effects of sleep deprivation.  I've had the worst headache all day, my eyes have been so sore and watery, and I feel it in my body that I'm about to get sick if I keep this up (tonight/tomorrow)
free game on humble bundle
https://www.humblebundle.com/store/manualsamuel-free-game
truly the future https://www.nvidia.com/en-us/geforce/news/minecraft-with-rtx-beta-out-now-download-play/
@​here do two other people want to play Death Squared with me and Alex on Parsec?
my controller finally came in the mail today (yay), so now we can do 4-person local co-op on Parsec o:
That's so true tam
🤔
imagine not waking up at midnight
ofc ur right
Ah yes, of course it's scarier in EST
smh imagine waking up later than 8 am amirite
Yeah but I’m EST so it’s scarier here
Sorry mak I can't help you, because I just wake up too lol
Help why did I just wake up
🤔
ugh I'm awake
try melatonin?
~~oh gosh I had my lights on so I couldn't tell but it's bright outside ahhh~~
good night-morning
finally feeling that exhaustion keep in, so I'm finally going to bed
just smth I need to work on
it's fine
I can't really give any advice in this field sorry lol
oof yeah I feel that
staying up
can't stop what?
ahhHh
I don't know why I do this to myself but I can't stop
imagine not finishing finals in the morning
hah
finaaals
ayy @Instantramen_ @timfoolery are y'all interested in some unturned
we're switching to unturned
or Unturned
pretend that didn't happen
@​here anyone want to play curve fever with me, Alex, and Joe?
if i pretend youre all of my problems
but i can run
you can't hide forever
what
I SAW THAT
im just simp for lucy
no
WHAT
he keeps trying to cheat on his gf
i hate mikel
i still love her
as a simp its normal for my idol to treat me like shit
its ok
harsh
i still love you
shut up @Maktackle
@looshy i lov you
What year is it
loovare is back
oh heck
🅱️
i assumed you died in a toilet-induced coma
I'm just telling the truth
ok
wow
Cant believe they're not dead
hello
hi e ch jgdjdsnk
hello
wtf looshy are you actually typing in here
i feel so bad tho you all barely got a year of college in
everyone else is at least in their first year
I think Cynthia is the only person doing college apps now
oh yea how's the college app stuff going
i'm so bad at organizing my server lists
FUCK
April 1st
how long ago lOL
admin powers
you were a supreme overlord for a day btw
how's life !!
I'm sorry that you've come back to this
oh hey
hewwo
wow
i haven't talked here in ages
hello
Thats going to be me this summer lmao
I think a whole semester online would kill me
https://www.forbes.com/sites/susanadams/2020/04/13/boston-university-is-first-to-announce-it-may-postpone-its-fall-term-until-january-2021 gdi if fall semester is delayed or is online
the data don't lie
https://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/g0hpqh/oc_is_the_nightmare_before_christmas_a_halloween/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCIb3qt6h79RJo6tDDDEwJmw/videos
Bruh
I feel like I should go to bed early for once
oh hey you’re being asked too then
Hey I'm here too
@echks @Bugcat hows it feel being 2 of only 3 people online on this server
gojira <a:HYPEROMEGAPOGGERSCRAZY:686823506633031681>
yeah i figured that was the cast mak
ah I see
until i heard the song
well i didnt understand why i thought that
you really should've specified the basque x then lol how are we supposed to get that
maybe my subconscious knew it was sail so it gave me an ocean-related hint
also sil i think i made up the whales part cause i couldnt find any references to it in the song
that makes me think of the basque x
theres a consistent hum throughout the song
also tbh I've heard this song a lot and I had no idea he was saying sail
it threw me off
> the buhs lowkey end in x
@Maktackle I still have no idea what this means
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_-XaaTqOICU
when you said that it has whales in it i thought of this song lol
🤔
going back over the song my memory was flawless
cant believe nobody got it from my description
redbull is so . . . not
it's so edgy
yeah wait what
why is it a red bull song
instead of going do do do doo
oh
imagine not being able to find the song
no, he actually sang the tune
first comment i saw was "Can we just take a moment of silence for the people who still can’t find this song"
can't believe we just had a robin moment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tgIqecROs5M
ANGELAS A GOD
call
wait
to rhyme with self
maybe they said whale at some point
or can you describe the tune some more ?
if it helps i think its from 2000's
also, do you remember anymore lyrics
robin this is totally your lyric language
e
but also energetic in the electric sensr
i think it was kinda depressing
the buhs lowkey end in x
but also like
it also goes like buh buh BUH BUH buh buh buh buh
can you give anymore information??
but like it rhymes with whalef
SELF
whats the song that goes
ufdhyhe help i cant remmebr this song
had no idea why it didn't include packaging as a definition though
I assumed parceling and containerization were either the same thing or had overlap in their definitions
(in terms of product packaging)
and parceling?
also, what is the difference between packaging and containerizing?
that doesn't make any sense wth ?
obviously packaging doesnt package
some more doubt.jpg for some business practice questions
that's when you go to 2x speed
when you haven't studied
listening to crash course at 1.5x speed hits differently at 12 am
that was just supposed to be for like a day
lemme fix that
lmao
oh whoops
I mean @Peacheon I'd be down for overcooked if you find another person, just typing here since I don't have perms to type in other chat
I support it
i also find it funny that they indirectly teach you how to commit tax evasion
your business class is propaganda
:(
u do not have those rights
no
forbidden
no talk
echks
that makes even more sense
aktually it's intro to business
Joe in an economics class
economics classes smh
yeah
hahahahaha
I'm calling bullshit on this question
On canvas quizzes what they sometimes do is shuffle the questions and answers around, maybe that’s why
*why*
but still
oh yeah I ended up doing that
Sometimes if you type the letter on your keyboard it highlights the option
ewwww
I want to die
speaking of bad inputs
🤔
I'm not anti-French; I just have a burning passion against their sinful keyboard
Can't believe Angela is literally anti-french
why are the parentheses so far from one another qhhHHh
I see where the euro is now, but I literally cannot press it on the microsoft on-screen keyboard >:c

☻☻☻
the heart
ok i found
◘♣•♦☻♥☺♦•
altgr+e
€€€€
€
ok
(conroy dont hit me im sorry)
which explains why its so bad
probably the french
who invented the french keyboard and why
but no euro ?????
$ + shift = £
but why do they have the dollar sign on their keyboard ??
also, I know I've complained about this before. . . .
why do I have to use shift to punctuation my sentences with a periods gféuia"gdç_oziqdAHZI12T8
imagine gaming in france and to move around you press zqsd
why cant they just qwerty
FUCK IT
do they not use periods or smth
can I also just complain about the French keyboard
oh yeah, also, I'm lazy, so I just use "he" and "they" (as opposed to "Jean-Pierre" and "his professors") ahahah
we're kind of just taught clunkier, robotic french, so like I didn't even know to write "il connaîtrait **beaucoup plus** de monde"
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
i think that's it but i dont see the full instructions so i dunno if ure making the mistake of making them negative sentences or if it's just the instruction
Si Jean-Pierre s'habillait bien, les autres étudiants ne se moqueraient pas de lui.
Si Jean-Pierre faisait du sport, il connaîtrait beaucoup plus de monde.
Si Jean-Pierre s'intéressait à ses études, il serait préparé en classe.
Si Jean-Pierre se s'absentait pas si souvent, ses professeurs ne se fâcheraient pas contre lui.
Si Jean-Pierre lisait pas de bandes déssinées en classe, ses profs seraient furieux. 
Si Jean-Pierre mangeait seul moins souvent, il parlerait avec les autres étudiants.
also you forgot words
thats rough
Yikes rip
oof
FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF
>:c
meaning I just lost half my work, and I have to do that amount of work again
bc they were labelled with the same letter (Exercise A, etc.) but on different pages
I realized that half of the exercises I did were ones that I didn't need to do
also, I'M DYING
but then I would have to go back and forth
you're right
couldn't you just keep the original document the same but make a separate document w/ answers for each of the questions
I found an option that allows me to "deskew" the page, and now I can't read anything aHHHH
But now I'm too far in anyways ugh
I tried to convert it to Word and edit it on there, but it was just blank ??  and I don't think I can change text orientation on word
it's killing me
but it's just a picture of the textbook (sent to us by our prof. in PDF form), so I'm just using a basic website that allows me to type on it, but it won't let me change the orientation of the text
it looks so bad ugh
i love doing french homework ~~save me from this hell~~
also
Imagine
imagine
Imagine
did you just pull another all nighter
Aaaaa
I went to sleep but the sun is coming up
Why does my dorm have to be on the east side
I was imagining you doing a bad southern accent saying "Does tan in the a.m. rhyme?"
also, heck, I just closed all of the tabs on skincare in one of my windows, and there were 62 tabs. . . .
I figured it out
the (te)**n** rhymed with the (a.)**m.**
I know what I was thinking
Maybe a slant rhyme at best
It does not
~~also gn~~
I'm still not sure.  it sounds like it does
5 am thoughts: 
"does 10 in the a.m. rhyme??"
lmao, I'm down for some language practice :P
😉
not rn but if you randomly call me at any time and im not busy we can do some r & r
can we actually do this
Ugh you teach me french r and I help you spanish r
like I picked it up immediately when I was learning French
but French r's always came so naturally to me
I'm kind of getting it
Robin is helping me work on my spanish r's
Cause I learned to trigger my gag reflex to make it easier
Decent by baby standards
I JUST got decent at it
Omg I was struggling with the French r for so long
pls help
I can't not do a french r
every time I try to read spanish aloud alex laughs at my r's :c
I feel bad for the guy
uh, huh
But it gets misused quite a bit now
Looks stupid enough
The original term was to shame people who would worship women just for female attention pretty much
Nope tammy
I feel like this video summarizes what people think of as a simp https://youtu.be/bUfift7822g
I always thought it meant someone was simply stupid or something
Its like a worse version of a white knight tho
Kinda
it sounds to me like ""white knight"" rn
Oh boy
what is a simp
It’s like anyone’s made to be a part of that stereotype for simple things that don’t really matter
Even groups I have no sympathy for
I think too many insults have become too common to have meaning
YES
U right
but im right
idk what im saying i have not slept
like i keep seeing it on reddit comments and half the time its just some dude who is just being nice to a woman and its like some weird form of toxic masculinity
the word simp being adopted into modern internet culture is so annoying
can i say something. tooo bad i'll say it anyway
just make lunar call it or something
and also i lost my phone and my sister won't even call my phone for me
d
you step weirf
Clearly you gotta wear crocs because they are the best defenders of toes
How
^ yeah also that
as someone who has stubbed their toe while wearing flip flops multiple times, that is a big lie :c
Uh oh
i can push it a little bit more but my back is trashed from pushing everything
simply slice some of the bed off
oh no
because my bed is too FAT
my desk is not going to fit
greatly
i miscalculated
but umm
You can't stub your toe if you're wearing flip flops
no
c:
>:c
that's entirely consistent with your personality
that's always my first mistake
did you stub your toe
i'm moving around my furniture and i've made every mistake
I appreciate that theres a website dedicated to treating mtg cards like stocks https://www.mtgstocks.com/news
i'll give you 1 1/2
dw you can have one
ella if you're a true comrade you'd give me the other piercing to share so we can be equally cool
👀
and i'm gonna dye the front of my hair pink bc i'm going full scene kid
i stopped wearing contacts bc i'm LOVE these glasses so much
tHANK YOU UWU
you're such an aesthetic woah
and your hair
also, love your glasses
it looks so good !!!
oh my god hot
they look super uneven bc swelling but i legit measured with a ruler before i did it so i know they're even!!
ooo:  I totally want pics
ohh snake bite piercings are super cool
i gave myself snake bite lip piercings and i'm living my 11 year old self's emo dream
you know it's bad when your ad decides to buffer too
ah
I'm hoping that they're just doing maintenance rn and that the power will be on soon ?  idk why it went out or what's up with it
I'm assuming so
are electricians still working?
big rip
Also, my power is out, so I have like 6 hours to write both of my essays before my laptop dies ahhhHH
also no energy gang
I'm pretty sure at this point I'm doing more work on the weekends than in the entire week at this point tbh because that's when stuff is actually due
Like I’m basically just starting my day right now cause I have no energy
I can’t do anything today
it won't officially feel like the weekend for me until ~11:59 pm when I turn in all my work c"":
hi y'all how's your friday going
ugh slow crawl to the weekend
also, Tabletop Sim is 50% off rn
lmao
?
we could make it every weekend o;
well, I just thought of it
why this weekend in particular
@Tabletop Sim Squad this weekend? o:
you have to sing a classic boy band song a la minnie
when will my redemption arc come
heck darn
Smh  @Peacheon posting in the nice kids club when you're not nice I see
me tho
lmao
wow the state of ohio graces us with their presence
absolutely
even for meeska mooska mickey tickley?
hi i would die for everyone here <3
hello person
marry me
ella i love u
hello my fellow gamers
owo

uh oh 😯
uh oh echks said a no-no word 😟
god dammit
(((:
What has this become
aye aye cap't
you gotta
yes disney echks dee
lets play ow
angela anaconda
no uwu
NO TALKIE
SHUSH
SHUT UP
ure not
im supreme ruler
and?
facts
im superior
that's something a lowly peasant would say
can we rename echks to disney echks dee
big bird is a platypus
what is up with their heads
like goddamnit

they arent cute




like gangsta rap
Booba is the biggest french rapper

@fizzy lifting drinks ))):
ITS FROM AN EPISODE
but that's not a teletubby
IS THIS CUTE?
@Peacheon IS THIS CUTE?
ANGELA IS THIS CUTE
PLEASE DO NOT SPREAD LIES
TELETUBBIES ARENT CUTE AT ALL
DEEPLY
AND IT SCARED ME
I HAD THIS EPISODE ON VHS
THIS ISNT CUTE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Idhc85tLPNQ
like idiots
they talk like me
POOO
LALAA
teletubbies
time for telettubies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ZCgbGgA-_8
dora
DORA DORA DORA THE EXPLORER
Robeen there done that
Robin Wood
angela anaconda
angela
what channel are u reading
uwu
🥴
im owned by daddy walter
is sesame street owned by disney
ok i will come up with great names
hey got any grapes
a duck walked up to a lemonade stand and is said to the man running the stand
duck
D is for
crime crime crime
F is for frog
see
slam slam slam
D is for Door
who am i anymore
waddle waddle
lamb
L is for
@Conroy no u
conoravirus is harmless
i think she has coronavirus
(((((((((((((:
angela what happened
Sing along with me!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qw6RD5S3e8o
you know its nice being on top of the foodchain
lalalalalala elmo's world
cajun people do not actually exist
micktickle typing
ss
wow this server finally isn't ss
what makes me a supreme ruler though
this is the big change weve been waiting for
oh ok
also what the fuck happened to the server
pliers are too big i’m trying rn

but it depends on what part of the key broke
the simplest thing that might work is using pliers to pull it out
how do you get a broken key out of a lock
hey guys oh funny question but
there weren't any that really interested me :c
Wrt the games in it
That COVID-19 bundle is extremely good
https://www.reddit.com/r/OutOfTheLoop/comments/fsvcyn/2020_april_fools_megathread/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share
oo, thanks!
@fizzy lifting drinks tagging you bc you have Diaries of a Spaceport Janitor on your wishlist
https://www.humblebundle.com/games/award-winners
https://www.humblebundle.com/conquer-covid19-bundle
skrim hi!
ສະບາຍດີ
aloha
welcome

whomstv'e
o/

god dang timezones
since it's at 7 am smh
I woke up in the middle of my cs morning lab and had to rush to join the call
relatable content
I just somehow managed to wake up less than a minute before my Chinese class started I am not awake enough to think and talk in any language
Record yourself speaking for a little bit so you can see
(nsfw for seizure warning)
https://www.reddit.com/r/nextfuckinglevel/comments/frsve4/new_york/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share
how bad
oof
it sounds worse than the other mic you use
how do I sound
just wondering like
does my laptop mic suck normally?
it's so much worse than microsoft teams imo
I'm so thankful that only one of my classes uses zoom
🤔
peak sleep is waking up 5 minutes before your ZOOM class

nvm, I got it
did they remove that feature?
I can't remember how to invite people to listen to your Spotify on Discord again
If you mess up one day your schedule will be ruined again
You have to be consistent
well I pulled an all night (all day?)-er yesterday and went to bed at 1, hopefully I'll be able to keep this up
attempt to keep your sleep schedule consistent within about an hour of variance, don't use phones/computers/etc right before you go to bed, turn the temperature down to anywhere from 62-68 degrees, don't eat soon before bed, don't use your bed or bedroom for *anything* other than sleep, and if you can avoid it, do not take sleeping pills
i just woke up at 3 pm so i am perhaps not the best source but ah
Finding a way to fully exhaust yourself before it's time to sleep is also nice
As in you keep sleeping later until you’re sleeping when you’re supposed to
Are you opposed to doing a full laundry cycle
Robin
Ya yeet <:GWjiangoPenguDab:408280804675026965>
Oh, and melatonin
My advice would be to drink lots of coffee so you can do an all nighter and proceed to sleep at a reasonable time (maybe even earlier) the next night
it's just a little offset
yeah but ~~I've~~ my friend has only been up for 15 hours which is a normal amount of time
I don't think night ends at 3 pm
er, my friend
it won't be all all nighter if I go to sleep before 3pm
nice all-nighter
🤔
asking for a friend
hey anyone got any advice for fixing a fucked up sleep schedule
Just such a perfect game obviously
I can't believe this still exists and is running ads
no explanation needed
explain yourself
what
whhh

and ummm
so umm
there's this girl
yummy yummy
https://youtu.be/LmR7G208ug4
put on your best wiggle faces
join the wiggle revolution y'all
Haha fuck nerds

😏 😏
W I G G L E  W I G G L E
I don't like this
wiggle wiggle
wiggle wiggle
I'm good
I've been self-quarantined since Friday
Yikes
I keep getting anxiety coughs and it just makes me more anxious and makes me cough more which cycles in repeat forever
There was also a cruise full of people that got released here a few days ago and nobody was tested
Oh yeah fuck those people
oh yeah @echks  too since you're one of those floridians
clearly this is you right
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ArFkmmGRkZQ @Maktackle
<:monkaW:628747555676749835>
everyone died
coronavirus is boring actually
im bored
im sad now
fuck
disDICK hahaaaa got em
disd?
disd
what is the greatest thing in the world
oh nice!
Sociology primary + Psychology secondary
yeah !
are you a socio major?
~~I just love my major, and it makes me really happy and inspired all the time ahhh~~
~~I'm just really inspired rn from my sociology class to write a long analysis~~
I got to grow up with its education system and its biases, so that I could see which of its ideals I like and which ones I don't
I'm really glad that I got to live in Western civilization so that I could experience its problems firsthand and see through its lens + frame of thinking
like rn
had this thought hit me today
I just
happy friday the 13th
angela macaroni
angela you hold great influence over the french leader emmanuel macron
why are you doubting me
uhhuh
angela truly is a dictator
saved millions!
you ruthless
damn angela
and we did
"step it up france"
angela solved covid 19
angela is the reasonwhy
we did step it uop
step it up, France
yeah no really
France wild
MY COUNTRY HAS OVER 2000 TIME THE AMOUNT OF INFECTED PEOPLE??
EVERY UNIVERSITY AND STUFF
UKRAINE HAS 1 CASE AND THEY HAVE SHUT DOWN
how the fuck did the nba shut down faster than my country
https://www.theregister.co.uk/2018/11/15/john_mcafee_liable_death_neighbour_belize/
Also, he's not just "allegedly" responsible for the dude's death @NotJoe apparently, it took 6 years for him to actually be found guilty for it
doesn't care
he just
His mugshot for his DUI + possession of a firearm while under the influence:
I love him

This hecking man. . . .
10000 iq play
omfg, the second paragraph:
I feel like "allegedly" for a rich person likely means definitely
And he just happened to flee the country
It was only allegedly
How dare
and gets away with it
love that he actually murders people
love his antivirus
mcAfee is my hero
And since I’m telling y’all I’m off the hook
Like yeah I murdered a guy once
It’s a little known fact that you’re allowed to commit crimes if you’re honest about them
thank god
some nuggets of wisdom from mr mcafee


<a:RooAwwRun:560241118826987520>
Probably
I know that many universities have programs that pay for prospective students' expenses to even come visit the school, so I think you'll be fine asking for money to get out of there as an actual student
honestly, I feel like if you approach the financial aid people at Harvard they could probably help pay for costs to fly you back home.  (same for other universities that have the $$$ to spare)
ez pz
you're only a country away right
just walk back to ma
Idk what I'd do if I got kicked out
probs
Sucks to be anyone not from Boston I guess
Email from Dean Khurana himself: "...Although no one on our campus has been diagnosed with the virus... we are announcing today that Harvard College students will be required to move out of their Houses and First-Year dorms as soon as possible and no later than Sunday, March 15 at 5:00pm... We realize that leaving campus at short notice will be challenging for some of you... you should consult with your resident dean as soon as possible for further information... We are committed to ensuring that you will all be able to finish your spring term courses, and that you will remain on track to graduation. We are working with faculty to make sure that all courses will be offered remotely, and you will receive specific information about how to access them..."
damn
seriously?
lmao Harvard's just kicking people out of dorms now because of corona apparently
Apparently they are kicking everyone out unless they petitioned to stay and were approved
But I'm not sure
I think they're getting kicked out
are students being kicked off campus or are they still supposed to live there?
Apparently Amherst college is planning on closing after spring break and moving all the courses online
well, they paid the tuition already.  if anything, it'd save the $$$ if the facilities didn't have to be up and running too
$$$
idk I think we got more international students at neu while being right next to the corona outbreaks and still didn't get cancelled from coming back from break lmao
if not after spring break then maybe a week later
id believe it honestly
sounds doubtful
huh
bc no ones cancelling their travel plans
the prevailing rumor here is that were not gonna be able to come back after spring break
also smh why are people ranking regeneration above durability
and move to online classes
i'm just waiting for my university to close down any day now b/c of corona
Mathias
ive known plenty with the spanish version
tbf it's not a very common name in English at least
and the rival in Pokemon BW2 but it's only in French
There's also a main character in a Tales of game but it's not his given name
https://fireemblemwiki.org/wiki/Matthis
I mean Robin is way more known
not the same fire emblem but also fire emblem
hey same fire emblem
and it's in the one of those fire emblem games that have never been translated lol
I've searched for some and I've only found only one
Do you guys know a videogame/book/movie/whatever character that shares the same name as you?
cause when youre immortal, whats a month to a year?
i wouldnt put 2 into regeneration
Interesting
I change my mind:
<:feelsgoodman:539907909035753483>
including the one im moving to pretty soon
actaully there's a few others
I believe I'm currently in the biggest French city that the virus hasnt reached yet
black is the closest
so im in one of the few remaining safe places in france
actually my department (big county / small state) has 0 people with coronavirus
bye conroy
<:monkaS:375105940480851968>
am i trouble yet
also french minister of culture has got coronavirus
i dont want to be jesus
Yeah
3 and 5 are kinda busted because you could literally just write your own book or religion
You basically get to personally shape your reality
Same with 5
3 is broken
and once whne youre old to look young
like once now to make yourself more attractive
since you can just change it once or twice
i like 6
you can reset your life kinda?
6 is cool just because
First person that responded from the other server gave 4A, 1R, 3D
Honestly I'd just pick Pokemon because that's cool as fuck
5 and 6 if I get time to go look for a sufficiently cool world
Or 5 and 6
Then 1 and 6
Ah
You can only be human not a dog or whatever
1 nd 6 im so sorry puppy
I think it's only human stuff
Yea probably 5/6
Then again if I had 6 I could just turn into a plane
so that's like pokemon
5 includes any manga
I don't give a rat's ass about one dog
Mobility is pretty useless
5 is pretty insane
The cost for 1 is basically nothing
Maybe 5 could work but like
I'm gonna go with 1 and 6
but then it makes reality bad
but it could make you a lot of money
2 is pretty bad actually
like I don't really see why you wouldn't pick 2/5/6
oh this is fun but I think everyone chooses the same thing
we're all very intelligent in here hence we made the correct choice
I'm gonna go ahead and post the immortality thing in another discord and see if this was peer bias or not
14111 is honestly the best choice and it makes sense that everyone went for it
actually bottom right would be fun
like it's either 1984 or you're playing the forest irl
honestly I feel like anything but gamer one would bore me to death
Gonna have to go with benevolent gothic-styled cyber-thearchy
dude who made this likes big words
i just picked a random one from the cyoa subreddit
https://pastebin.com/ccjK0Hhq
What the fuck do half of these mean

ok what about this
LOL
i can find more
but what about your loved one
I guess
They just rotate as they die
You can have friends
who could you debate american politics with
think about that
Echks you wouldn't have any friends
I don't see the point in having D if you can have T
flamewars for the rest of time
of course!
aww you'd give it to moth
🤔
I wonder
D is worthless, Regeneration is useless unless you live in fallout Termination probably doesnt solve boredom and companionship, i dont see the point in more than one person
who would you give it to?
<:pepeLove:596815764623720479>
yeah
d'aww conroy would give immortality to someone else
nothing else is actually worth it
1 4 1 1 1
yeah im really into agelessness
nice
@echks almost same hat
@Maktackle same hat !!!
@NotJoe fill it out
everyone is really into agelessness dang
h
wait, nvm, let me just edit the spreadsheet
you have another
@echks you only used up 7 points
valid
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1jjEAtlrt0o5DlEj7diR0Jn6R6cAKIzl1l560_2FHWs0/edit?usp=sharing
(i'm a visual person, so)
okay, I legit can't compare all of y'all's answers when they're scattered so
The only reason I don't really want to throw any more points in T is because I feel like if I'm ever at a point where my immortal, infinitely regenerating ass actually wants to stop feeling sensations, it's probably not gonna get much better
As a Genie, I’ll be nice and say you can save it
One question about C though is do you have to choose right away, or can you save your pick until you're more certain
2T 4A 1R 1D 0C
I think that 1T, 4A, and 1R seem pretty mandatory, leaving you with 2 points. The unconsciousness would ne pretty useful, and I think being immune to diease would also just make life way better
That's what changes between 2R/0C and 1R/1C
Maybe I would
I literally do not think I would ever want to be with someone eternally
I only want one C because it’s the hypothetical love of my life who I would enjoy spending eternity with
Actually wait my idea was literally the same as X’s original one
At least 3 but probably 4
I think agelessness is really important too
You can cut it whenever you decide you're good with life, you stay in pretty good physical condition age-wise, any amount of completely obliterated your body gets it completely fixed within a month, which is *really* fast since your relative perception of time would end up being way different than it is for most people, you can't get sick
1T, 4A, 2R, 1D, 0C
Fuck that 1C
Actually
1T, 4A, 1R, 1D, 1C
I'd probably do 3A, 3R, 1D, 1C for practicality
Oh, and end it when I want
and I can sleep and regenerate away any damage
and I'd have some friends so that's cool
I'd be fine at 70 if I knew I was immune to disease
Ok, I'm thinking 2T, 2A, 1R, 1D, 2C
So I'll never reach a mental point I'd want to die
Maybe 4 in durability gives me mental durability
that way you can just sleep until you're regenerated
Ok, I'm thinking a smart idea would be two in termination and one in regeneration
You should save one point for termination
4 into durability
I'd invest 4 into agelessness first
Thoughts?

i'm only interested in french rn so thats not a problem for me
i like the stories
so u can only use them to practice for a lil
and they dont have different ones for each language
the problem is theres only a few stories
and then you have to answer reading comprehension and vocab questions about them
where it tells you stories
duolingo has this cute thing
don't see why they need to be different languages really
an italian anarchist was once able to start the spanish anarchist movement despite not knowing a word of spanish
italian would definitely be easy
Idk
isn't portuguese like part russian
And I know this Bc of a game where I guess the meaning of sentences in those languages
I wouldn’t struggle as hard with Portuguese or Italian
that's true it is a weird one
French is on some whole other shit
also you have no excuse for being bad at french if youre bilingual in a romance language already
ive ended up being the one who procrastinates doing OTHER peoples work until the deadline
thats me but only when im with other people who i know are gonna procrasinate
im doing a group project in french right now and an assignment was due at midnight, i contacted my two group partners at 9pm to send them the google doc and they appear to have done nothing before that but got their work in before midnight, truly a procrastinating king and queen in my own mold
my partners were two not-philosophy-majors, one of which kind of knew what they were doing and the other who did not at all
i've had one group project this semester in ethics of belief
w
and my gfs always my partner and she actually kinda knows french
my only group projects are in my french class
but other than that no group projects aside from like writing a dialogue in class
woops
i have a group project rn but if anything im the one lagging bc im the only freshman in a group of seniors
Tho I have had some optional like you can work with someone else if you want
I've only a had a group project in one class
Oof that sucks
<:GWjiangoNegaLUL:402866531802939398>
I might not be learning anything but I am tired of hell
Literally all of my classes have some sort of group project
yall actually learn shit?? were just a pot dispensary
Makes sense
We just eat buckets
Is this the florida experience
🤔
You guys learn?
We got "experiential based learning" at my school as the main thing
Is that what they call it
This is what happens when you go to a school that’s project based learning
wtf
Rip
I love group projects :D

LOL
And then I put my front butt forwards
Cause every time I walk past glass and see my reflection hunched over I think about how to walk like chad
I just realized the chad vs virgin meme has improved my posture so much
💜
i almost exclusively use the purple one
Tho I don't really use emoji much
I only use the red one
Sometimes I’ll use a specific one depending on specific traits of that person, like using a green heart for somebody with green eyes
I tend to use each one for different kinds of love, like family vs friend vs special friend vs romantic
❤️🧡💛💚💙💜🖤🤍🤎
Do you guys have a specific way of using each heart emoji?
slip off or something
they just like
whats up with hitscan players and jumping off the map on oasis
good luck!!
Thank you
best of luck!!
yeah that sounds like a good plan to me
Because I got a three hour lab at 8 and I won't have time for the rest of the day to do it sadly
I'm most likely going to just extend the paper as much as I can on my own judgement, read over it for grammar and just be done with it
a paper a few pages short is still better than no paper
you've made it this far, just do whatever you feel is in your power to do
Maybe I should just take the L at this point lol
This 10 page essay is due in a few hours, I'm on page 5 with limited peer-reviewed sources
oof gl my dude
All nighters aren't as easy as I remember them being
And wow do I sure despise this stupid character
A good author is able to make the reader hate a character
me too
<:come_on_now:597587321805733920>
<:disgost:656584260022435859>
This day 1 was six weeks IRL
To be fair
being inaccessible isn't necessarily a bad thing, but when the game is trying to draw from a dwindling pool of people and has had consistent issues with inactivity...
200 page day 1 is utterly inaccessible to most people
Yeah mafia got really overwhelming for me after a while
wdym angela I thought you were a mafia junkie
<:tedious:650567525527978032>
d1 of the current game was about 200
Do the games still take as many pages?
[joins year-long game]
haha yea i know right
yeahhHh
mafia is too all-consuming
not mafia but the people
I do really miss it though
thanks for tag reminding me of the good ol' days
hi yes I am big mafia player™
all you old farts are in college
man i miss all the good talk when i’m in class
Oh yeah but that's just the og's on the Minecraft forums
or whatever your steam username was
clearly they call you minecraftvscreeper
🤔
Real friends still call me robinh00d2000 😤
yea
And I had all these fun messages all the time
I really liked it when people posted on my profile every day
when i think of swords dude i think of g_u_a_r_d
idk maybe
With the guy holding two swords crossed over his back
Right
He had the profile pic
Freeport
swords dude ???
Yes
UES
The swords dude omg
Wait
i remember him from the actual forums more than mafia
Wow most of those people never played again
Barely
remember freeport

this was the game 1 player list
Except ddd and tmi
wtf
Tbh I don’t know most of the ones you just said
tmi
Bayleef
DDD
awknd
serendipity
fluffopuppo
Dwlee
you fucking loser
of course it was
My first was number 2
I remember this weird awkward drama with dudebo99 attempting a coup or something
p sure this was my first game
https://hypixel.net/threads/forum-game-hypixel-mafia-xxvii-video-games-game-over.1119093/
Mvemjsunp had an eagle pirate pic
Oh not really
oh remember aidan[numbers]
whomst
I still only know the order of the planets because of mvemjsunp8
I think at least 15 or 16
idk i assumed they were
Wait are they
are luke and matthew not both like 14 right now
Just took turns being the same person
the oldest mafia player of all: peachy
Can you believe those guys
Luke and Matthew
He’s baby
No
he was actually too good for us
is pi old
LEGEND
OH
Okay well I mean the people who are
fatpiggyboy
Atoriax
you know i'm not that old right
Mito?
Dom?
Hey remind me of other old mafia people
I wonder how he’s doing
That sounds great
Omg
If I wanted to deadname people based on what they were when I met them I'd be calling half the people slight variations of DragonKing87
lol
@LunarZeta fucking spark68 looking ass bitch
valid
honestly fair
When she was Pride
I think I thought she was a dude
that's so fucking long ago
i didn't even KNOW skrim when she was called pride
I forgot about SgtPride god damn
LOL
motherfucker still calls skrim pride
Is he still machine tho
probably
is machine transphobe because he deadnames literally everyone?
i guess technically jinx is my deadname
^
smh why couldn't darthdeaddanger100 be your current username
that's kind of sad
And think I actually died and came back to life
So I made a DarthDeadDanger100 account so people would be scared
I lost my password to my first Danger100 account on Gaia online
Its perfect
Name made by my sister for me when I was 7
That's who you are
But danger is edgelord
incites fear in the hearts of your enemies
exciting
lively
danger is fun
that’s boring
It’s a fishing bait
I only know dangerish100
What's a maktackle
It’s fun that your username is 5 letters but can be represented as just one
thx 🙏
maktackle
shit my bad
my deadname
>danger
):
Idk
who is jinx again
yes i am
i thought you said can’t and i was just like b i t ch you gonna forget me???
out of the people that actually talk here
i can consistently recognize joe, peachy, danger, lunar, jinx, robin, and alex
F
F
F
Done
Yeah
yeah
Oh ok do I just block them?
Pretty sure they were just added on accident
pfft
I think
Some loser
Idk
Wait who the FUCK is @Peacheon
shame
i’ve been here for over two years
shame shame shame
Todays Date Is: (insert here)
No but what was your old name
Or is it less
They've been here for 2 years?
should i go back to announcing todays date
Wait @fizzy lifting drinks are you also a secret person who I’ve actually known for 4 years but I don’t recognize because of name changes
Cant believe
I don’t know everyone here ok
Yeah those darn random ma girls
those darn random ma girls
Wow just a random ma girl
thnx
hurts me
ok
wow
A random Massachusetts girl that I only vaguely know by association
I assumed it was like
gdi
did you actually forget she was jinx
Smh danger so toxic at forgetting names
I’m like Superman’s girlfriend
I’m just bad at recognizing disguises
I didn’t forget
wow i’m hurt that i was forgotten by mr. dangeristrash himself ):
I had a feeling it was somebody I actually knew
Son of a bitch
I forgot about your name change
@Cemetables I WAS WONDERING WHO U WERE
cum gun
<:very_humorous:597587322812235777>
ok
):
bye
ok you're not helpful
I don't see the question
cum state
no
>:((((
oh no
oh designer baby?
what
@Cemetables what would you prefer ?
non-starter
I think we'd just have weaponized body parts by the time we reach plasma
solid is doa
meanwhile
Not only would you have to alter the male penis to keep cum consistently solid
I didn't consider how hot they'd have to be though
yeah
I mean you mentioned the cold part lunar
I mean are we arguing for the state to stay consistent?
I see
i said that bit
🤔
compared to how it is usually
at those parts
how hot or cold is the human body going to have to be
or solid
if we're going for gas
you know now that I think about it
giving my designer baby the gene for a big dick
hm
would they melt
imagine kidney stones but cum
What's the point of it being a solid
Wouldn't it just melt instantly after doing the deed
no, solids are actually the worst
solids are the perfect method of birth control
I think it’s being underestimated how inconvenient that would be
but why
If so, can we please eliminate solids from the conversation already?
So are you saying once genetic modification of humans or normalized, we should alter their natural cum state?
and cum in states of matter other than liquid
more iq
this is what designer babies are for
oof
Can I get a refund??
Nature didn't give me enough IQ points for college
that is not the same thing
nature gave me a dick i'm inclined to argue
I mean
why argue with nature
i think it's silly too
The form all semen should be in
https://www.biomedcentral.com/collections/bcasp
are you saying you don't normally enter into 200 message long conversations about this crucial topic
You motherfuckers
although idk how plasma works
I just read 200 messages of discourse about the state of matter cum should optimally be in
plasma's different than gas
I mean
I didn't think so
Are YOU saying that cum is easier to clean up in gaseous form
What the fuck am I reading
are you saying you wouldn't want cum to be in plasma form
of course
Obviously you want cum to be in plasma form, that makes everything hotter
idk what you mean tammy this is just normal conversation
Guys what the fuck
yo lottery sounds fun
if you tie does each person get half
Rock Paper Scissors
Or maybe it's like a lottery where you pass around the child through the dick-vagina tube and you have 50/50 chance of getting pregnant
this is not where I thought things would go
what
umm
🤔
at that point I think it'd be solid grounds to just get a vasectomy
no the baby can go out the ass
are you saying you're going to be producing a baby through the tiny dickhole
🤔
like realy good
thats good
but maybe a little bit more liquid than it is
Here's an idea, instead of ejaculating, what if it worked like a vacuum and sucked up a lot, and then the guy gets pregnant
im a purist id like to keep cum liquid
what is your state of matter cum tier list Alex
just a normal conversation proposed by angela
join us
This is great
What did I just wake up to
we can keep cum just for shits and giggles
Go out with a bang
yes
Bullet
well if there's a baby workshop why have cum at all
Guys guys guys final cum form
unless we change that o;
well, it doesn't have to be, but it still will be a part of the reproductive process
Build a baby workshop is the future
exactly
we never said the procreation and future survival of the human race is our primary goal here
automatic birth control
does it have to robin
I think we have to genetically engineer people who have their cum just so dense it becomes rocks
still bad
gas
Plasma baby
I feel like you guys are missing the whole "this has to actually get people pregnant" part
if there's just a bunch of rocks on the ground
isn't it a great mental image after sex
why not
no
can we assume that girls still have normal cum
It's only fair
girl cum is another discussion
is the girl also cumming stuff in the form of plasma
that brings up the question
A lightsaber just emits from your dick
well
if you're having straight intercourse, how would cumming at the same time work with plasma
eplasmulation
Plasma cum now
and your refractory period is the time it takes for your member to regrow
the longer you are the longer you can stay aflame
A flamethrower of fertility
at least you can brag you're hot
and ejaculation as a male just makes you a candle
pssh we all know bose-eisntein condensate would be the best
what if cum worked like fire
wait
i dont wanna go there
do not even talk about plasma cum
clearly the tier list of forms of matter is solid > liquid > plasma > gas
no, we need to maximize efficiency, comfort, and availability
pshh
or make babies
sorry either you're the right size or just have to remain a celibate for life
also with metal condoms we would need a lot more sizes
for the greater good
they do
but they don't have to be
sometimes sacrifices have to be made you know
the bulbousness looks like it could be painful to the receiver
I love the kremlin
or this but replace the outside with bulletproof glass
What sound would it make
oh my god
maybe it'll ring when u tap it
i like that one
wow so toxic

alternatively
don't talk to me about aesthetic
joe u have no aesthetic
it's about the aesthetic
and painful ??
idk what you're talking about
Not very effective
that seems innefective

and got this
Listen danger. The sensation of being alive is enough
I appreciate that I googled metal condom
and probably?
how would that be comfortable
That's the way to go
could pressure resistant condoms be developed without ruining sensation?
noooo
metal condoms let's go
yeahh
Society would be restructured
Pressure resistance condoms would be made
only 99% effective
Pop that collar to Pop that pussy
do you really want an inflated balloon inside you
also solid cum would mean that your balls need to stay cold, no
therefore they would move away from your body when it was externally cold, and towards your body (which would presumably possess some cooling mechanism) when it was externally hot
perfect
pops in the pussy
but what if it just
Why cant we
Mushrooms do it
they can take it
Listen it's like spores
listen, condoms are being used as balloons today
the gas might be problematic for birth control
Balloon animals!!
oof
it's a rock
also i just realized gas cum would inflate condoms
you got time
it could tear the condom
you're going to notice if the condom isn't working
exactly
It makes for effective birth control
ewww I don't want it to be chunky
That's a kidney stone yeah
like kidney stones
it just comes out as an ice block
that would be painful to pass
clearly the thing we have yet to explore is it being a solid
victorian era was a wild time
the london fog
There is absolutely no good reason for it to be a gas
Don't play God
Fog*
Over time a dog develops
^^
it is gonna stink to kingdom come as a gas
That's way worse
More efficient
It goes straight to your bloodstream
You can already cum out the window, and it being a gas doesn't change the fundamental problems with that approach
Tim you don't digest in your lungs
I see
Joe you dont have to drink protein shakes anymore
🤔
It's got protein tho
who'll inhale that shit
and landing on random passerby
It sinks
also for all you know it's going down
If the gas is denser than air
not all gasses are lighter than air
assuming it's lighter than air
Not necessarily
to ejaculate
are you saying dudes are going to be sticking their dicks out of the window
it goes up
excuse me
easier to clean
masturbate out a window
wtf
just like
I would prefer jizz air
also that
can you explain the easier to clean part
how did that change your mind and jizz air didn't
that would probably be uncomfy
like pressure build-up in the dick in the gaseous form
okay, Tim brought up a point that changed my mind
It's time for people to huff my dna
People huff glue
that actually sounds like one of the most putrid things I've ever heard
^
there is no possible cleanup and nobody wants to breathe in your jizz air
^^
it'd be like water that comes out of a spray bottle and just go everywhere
how would it be easier to clean in gaseous form
excuse me angela
I just think it's easier to clean that way
Tim is on team liquid
we've been having this debate, and I personally think that it'd be better in a gaseous state
I don’t wanna think about cum burps
stop
Hey guys if instead of semen being liquid it was gaseous would that be better or worse? Discuss.
I would talk about family dynamic, opening up to mental health, relationship with mom, school, stress, and depending how close the other person is, all of my regrets
Assuming complete honesty on my part and trust in that person (and that it’s somebody I genuinely want to understand me), I think my story is whatever makes me unique. So I wouldn’t necessarily do it chronologically like I was born and then this happened and blah blah cause yknow everyone has that happen to them. My story is maybe the set of stories that most are responsible for who I am today. Some of that might even be stories from before my life. Like story of my family or story of my culture. There have been events in my life that I remember very vividly because those are the ones that affected me the most and those events are my stories. My story is a narrative, and it should explain to you who I am in a way that doesn’t explain to you how anybody else is because I’m the only one with that exact shared set of experiences.
it was basically florida or louisville and my dad does not like louisville
also my dad had to move for work and the options were very limited
idk i think they thought it would be inconvenient to raise a kid there
Why did your family decide to move here?
shit
Don’t talk to me or my son ever again
nope
Wait you’re not a native Floridian
and just get more detailed as it gets closer and closer to the present
if a friend was asking, probably start really broad and spend like 30 seconds on everything in early life because memory then is pretty bad, like "born in chicago, moved to florida, school happened, etc etc"
how would you answer
everyone
or idk, anyone
or someone you're close with
mm, say if a friend was asking
if it was some like, grad school admissions person, i'd probably pay way more attention to school and shit than if it was someone i was trying to be friends with, for instance
it would probably depend on who's asking
I'm especially curious about @Maktackle and @Bugcat I think
(( after you do it, I might DM you a follow-up question ))
~~and then I'll reveal what my hypothesis is~~
but I want to know how y'all would do it o:
I've "told my story" plenty of times before, so I know what I would do and how I would go about it
If someone asked you to tell your story, how would you go about doing it?
so I want to know something
okay, so, my Sociology class always makes me think the most and
<:BibleThump:397843659996921857>
I smoked what Angela smoked and I started smelling emotions
I knew there was something wrong
always knew angela was into extasy and cocaine
always knew angela's just constantly super high
That is exactly what wholesome is :P
it's not wholesome I just love you
i have no idea what you smoked or how much of it but this is really wholesome
I really miss everyone
it's so weird.  I'm getting déjà vu from how I felt in middle school
to the beat/tune of the Spotify music that I'm listening to rn
it just keeps going and going
I don't think my brain ever stops
like what
I want all of them!
but they're really fun
there's too many useless things
man Amazon is so weird
and exists out of my mind
I swear it exists
but there's a Snoop Dogg cookbook
guys I know I'm out of it
but not any less true
omg was I typing this is so embarrassing
I'm actually going to cry I love you guys so much
my left thumb is so much more gentle and [less] violent than my right thumbnail
it sounds so weird
I don't like that I can hear my fingernails tapping on my screen when I type
I miss the past, when I was a little bit closer with all of you (Skype days) and I still cherish most of my memories with all of you
but like y'all are so great, I can believe I had the chance to meet you all
I'm also going to preface this by saying I have like a morning-after high or smth
I wish I could give every single one of you a hug
y'all i actually love you all so much
that was actually one of the first 10 words i learned
you know what's suspicious is that you already know how to say penis in french
but i was in a hurry typing that
i knew that
fuck
excuse me it's spelled bite
yes he is 11 and proud
he still has a few more years before he becomes a chad like joe
please, he's only a smol
clearly you were just talking about how your brother is a gigachad
LOL
She got red faced and corrected me
What I said “Il bite a Miami” he cock in Miami
What I meant “Il habite a Miami” he lives in Miami
She asked me where my brother lives
Me and my gf were doing a simulated French conversation for the entire class
I had an unfortunate gaffe in French class
You bet he still smoked it, and he enjoyed it
so thats why he's dumb
The first two lines are just really funny right next to each other
YEAH
kill bloomberg 2020
yeah.
sanders 2020
every time the american health care system comes to mind, I want to rage-quit this system grrr
I’ve heard of that too. It’s quite important to marketing products.
oh i've heard of that
https://getpocket.com/explore/item/the-decoy-effect-how-you-are-influenced-to-choose-without-really-knowing-it
bitter tasting stuff is the worst
disgusting
If I wanted some kind of food to comfort me I would just make myself black coffee
That sticker is posted on my fridge, I just never used it cause cookies are sugary and gross
at least I'm pretty sure I've seen them there
and Texas at least
I know insomnia cookies is a thing in Connecticut
uh
which is not close to my school
oh the closest one for me is in miami beach
guess i'll check it out
shit, it's literally on my campus
Never heard of it
i go to school in minneapolis lol
and they deliver
super duper good cookies
y'all should definitely check it out if you can tho
and Minneapolis, but idk where you live in MN(?) @LunarZeta
it's listed to be in Miami
huh

tf is that
idk how they do it
they're so good
they have heavenly cookies
I've never seen it down in VA at least, but then again I didn't know this chain existed until a few years ago
do y'all non-Massachusettians(?) have Insomnia Cookies where you are?
also, I was wondering
ahh someone in the library today gave me a free cookie I've been blessed
whether or not human rights exist, the validity of the cultural defense, the expectation to know a country's laws, etc
what kinds of things did y'all discuss?
it was p good
ooo:  that sounds so cool !
law, culture, & human rights
oh, huh.  what kind of class was it?
It was just designed to run the first five weeks of the semester
why was that your last Friday class?
u lucky duck
but dang
I didn't see this until now (ahhh)
i'm vibing
that was my earliest class too so no more 9am either
i had my last friday class today so the rest of the semester is 4 day weeks
I got the whole next week off <:baldysquid:496224582743883777>
I actually commissioned somebody to draw me but that died
Saturday and because Jim was old
also, why the profile pic change? o:
when?
ooooooh
No long weekend for me tho
Im going to my first OWL watch party
Yaaaa
h
oh
Presidents day
Yes
long ?
do y'all also have a long weekend?
what are everyone's plans for this weekend?
💜
I love you all -- happy valentine's day <33
Thanks for being there for me, I was having a really hard month
I talked with my mom for a few hours and I feel better
^^^^^
I'd really recommend seeking out a guidance councilor or something, they might be able to give you some help or even in worst case scenario help you figure out where you want to go from here
hey listen my dude I know it can be rough out there but try not to give up all hope just yet, you're only halfway through the term
I'm failing all of my classes
what's going on?
I wished I just got a job after high school
I want to die
I thought French toast was supposed to be soggy
it's so warm and wet and cinnamony
and now I know that I definitely prefer it over crunchy french toast
I'm having my first actually soggy french toast today
but I can't see this as a long-term thing
no, I actually think it's p cool
it's also not entirely accurate, just bc of how the app works :c
oh no
what is privacy hahah amirite
on the other hand
but also
and this is really cool !
so, I got an app to track literally everything I'm doing on my phone + what I'm doing and where I am
Back when my teams actually want me to join team speak
oh god
or facebook 👀
or skype
imagine, in another timeline we could've had teamspeak or slack as the main group chat host
but somehow it was the best alternative at some point
**user has entered your channel**
teamspeak was actually garbage
or light I guess bc skype didn't have a dark theme
that or when people actually used teamspeak
truly
ah yes, the dark ages
never forget that skype actually used to be better than discord at some point
I just strongly remembered the color red and a tube

ok so I was right that it was a vaccuum thing
I had a Henry Hoover
on hangouts I had a different pic but it didn't predate this one
well before this one I had like some "thegamingrobin" thing
or was the vaccuum/wagon thing someone else
oh did I use
pshh
didn't you have that weird vaccuum / wagon thing on google plus
your skype pic is that dude in the mask
I think I remember
actually wait no
what profile pic did you even use before this one
yeah
I've had it for like 7 years now? kinda wack
also same I don't think I can ever change my profile picture
clearly it's just loading
you technically still have a steam profile picture
at this point I think i'm too many years in to ever have an icon for anything
it's so hard to find any with my hair color tho :(
big agree
So good
picrew good
https://picrew.me/image_maker/137904
fun icon maker
his main demographic is college aged men
i'm surprised yang is that high
Buttigieg
Bootyjudge
Warren never stood a chance she is only a pawn in houtigheb epic plan. Its 50 steps and hes only on step ohio
well warren was in general surging then but shes severelly fallen back nationwide
also I know literally nothing about delaware aside from that it exists
granted young people are more likely to favor him in general
I mean yeah but Warren is very popular in MA, in the two polls that were done (admittedly in Sep + Oct) she was way ahead of Sanders
because if it's any time after that, our current iowa results would indicate that he won't make it that long
is delaware super tuesday ?
iowa....too soon
delaware
not iowa oops
like you think bidens gonna win iowa?
i mean just bc warren isnt from here doesnt  mean we fucking like her
damn that's kinda wild considering MA and all
good
the results for my school:
recent College Pulse survey results:
also
huh, I don't have it yet
I don't like it
ew they made it so when you mouse over a message it highlights it
(gets infected with three viruses)
aw sweet! my midterm paper just for $25!
my college esports discord is being raided by bots that claim to provide test-cheating and hw-writing services with fishy tinyurl links
I mean I do that too but when you scroll down you can't see the video anymore
me too!!!
now I can do both at the same time !!
I love reading comments while watching videos
I love that actually
I didn't know that
whaat
if I want to read the comments why am I in full screen
yeah I don't really get the point of that
That full screen YouTube has comments
Did you guys know
Holy shit
that's actually p cool
thanks robin
❤️
you're welcome dad
And thanks for making him tell a more accurate version @echks
Thanks for letting us know Robin!
So today is the last international palindrome for a good while
this is true
Well it's not a palindrome in both countries
ok so what about 2/12 in the us, which is 12/02 in canada
Well on 12/02/2021 in the US the date would be 02/12/2021 in Canada, for example
wat
This is the last international palindrome
Unless you're in anywhere except the us
This is Robin forgetting about 12/02/2021
And it's the first one in like 900 years
We won't have another palindrome date until next century
Happy 02/02/2020!
Joe you're sounding like somebody who wouldn't thrive in the cuddling industry
I don't trust the type of people that use this website one bit
omg I want to be a pro cuddler
You can hire pro cuddlers by the hour
TIL this exists https://www.cuddlecomfort.com
(which is less fun imo, gameplay-wise)
and I'd be the one defending against the vikings
but I just looked back at the game
for years, I thought I was going to be the viking fleet
actually nvm
well, idk if anyone else wants anything, but I'd take Bad North
huh okay
its a different product than the normal bundles
yeah its from humble choice, and i have 1 choice left
like giving u this many games and then the choice between a pool of games
probably just how humble bundle works
wait why do you only get to choose one ?
i only get to chose one though
if anyone wants one of those games tell me and i'll dm you the key
I have a free choice of Street Fighter V, Bad North Jotunn Edition, Dirt Rally 2.0, Them's Fightin' Herds from Humble Choice
https://foreignpolicy.com/2020/01/27/dont-blame-bat-soup-for-the-wuhan-virus/
I've never even heard of SARS until the wuhan virus


but who was shane???
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vW674z8q9l4
Holy shit that’s a very interesting link
My school's public
oh boy
time for that one law class i took to finally kick in
oh dear god i actually have to read the state's information availability legislation
all we have to do is get hit by an administrative official's car
hey, it worked
jesus christ
she was not the vice president of the university for much longer, and the stadium is currently not named after a prison owner
the vice president of the university showed up to try and calm people down and hit one of the students with her car
it worked a couple years ago when a few hundred people protested against the baseball stadium next to our campus being named after a for-profit prison owner
a lot of people on my campus are pissed because the housing department is essentially run by a swarm of bees in a trench coat and they're trying to organize a protest
oh no
people forced my school to start full divestment which is good, because it has like $2Billion invested in fossil fuels
Oh I should do this
https://www.energyjustice.net/campus/investments
is your school public or private? if it's the latter then you might not be able to
anyone have any idea where one might find the specifics (companies, industries) of where a university's endowment is invested
(serious answer is that it's a reference to a ucsf research project that studied "wizards," people with exceptional abilities to detect lies)
ask the wizards
what does wizardry have to do with psychology?
"Some scholars doubt whether these identified individuals are real wizards (C. F. Bond & Uysal, 2007), and to date, no publication has emerged about the strategies these alleged wizards use (G. D. Bond, 2009)." real quote from a paper i have to read for my legal psychology
Clearly the best predictor of the wuhan virus is plague inc judging from how sales spiked
and then they sell that data to governments
It apparently monitors global airline ticketing data, global news reports, and animal disease outbreaks and finds patterns in the data to predict where/when the outbreaks will occur and how they might spread
how?
that's wild
The ai also correctly predicted many of the cities the virus would spread to after it's initial appearance
https://www.wired.com/story/ai-epidemiologist-wuhan-public-health-warnings/
Apparently an AI made to predict disease outbreaks predicted the Wuhan Virus's spread on December 31, a whole 9 days before WHO announced that there even was a "flu like outbreak in China"
Oof
some bad plays here
yeah
also like a whole bunch of people from mainland china
oh, robin, I guess it makes more sense for them to warn y'all over there too bc WA is not too far from BC
https://www.google.com/maps/d/u/0/viewer?mid=1a04iBi41DznkMaQRnICO40ktROfnMfMx&ll=37.24972979951999%2C16.457848981230995&z=2
so its kinda worrying ngl
they never managed to find a vaccine for SARS
if it's anything like a street market, those are especially hecking crazy
that sounds right
so from what I'm seeing it's most likely that the disease originated in bats, but spread to other animals + meats through a poorly regulated wet market
lol
not weeks
incubation is average 7 days
https://www.nytimes.com/2020/01/24/world/asia/china-coronavirus.html
I have reasons to have doubts on the cardiac arrest part
so like
He was said to be healthy
yeah I misinterpreted the headline
oh wait, conroy said that already
@ Robin, this explains the 36-year old thing
idk why, this is just such an absurd tweet to me
and it originates from weibo
also,
which I assume aren't fake because it hasn't been disproven
there's videos
I honestly can't find much on the bats
I see stuff about people eating dead bats but nothing about live ones?
you have to admit eating live bats isnt smart
yeah but
but it could have passed through a different animal as well before getting to people
well the genome sequencing simply says that it came from bats originally
oh it's in australia too now
So it's akin to the flu
The youngest one who has died so far is 36 then 48 then all 60+
Which is pretty fucking dumb
oh that makes more sense
Yeah it was from eating live bats
really?
No the 36 YO man is the one who died
No it was bats
this has got to be the most ridiculous headline I've seen
pretty crazy that there was only one 36 year old man out of millions tho
it*
Apparently, it might have originated from a population of snakes ??
Apparently is spreads through like the eyes so masks and stuff like that do not work
corona is potentially in Africa and is already in Asia EU and the US
Ebola basically got stuck in Africa
It's already more of a "pandemy" than ebola
yeah, I guess Amhert/MA's Chinese population either isn't too large, or I need to talk to more Chinese people
respiratory ways
Does it even spread through
that's so wild to me that you hadn't heard about it because some like big health official in Vancouver had to tell people to stop buying face masks if they weren't sick because they were running out
bc it spread to Fuzhou
I think the flight got cancelled though
I only know about this bc my grandmother wanted to go back to China for New Year's but I think the flight either got cancelled or think they decided against it
That's a 10M + 8M + like several 5M cities quarantined
Wuhan is bigger what am I saying
~~but I'm also just overly paranoid~~
yeah, quarantines are going on and it's wild.  makes me feel like the apocalypse is going to happen
that'd be a tad bit overblown if it only killed 40 people or so
thats what 8 million people?
I think biggest closed down city is huanggang?
If it kills less than the flu yet manages to make cities like Wuhan close its worrying
But I think it's more severe in China than what the news are saying
either alternative gives me more hope in humanity
oh ok
I think that she was either arrested or it was fake all along
lol yeah
i remember seeing some article about a chinese woman going to france, hiding that she was sick with coronavirus, and then bragging once she got there about sneaking in with it
this and the lack of any cases in india
apparently there's 22 people from wuhan who went to zimbabwe via plane and honestly that's the most worrying part lol
the city
There's a confirmed case where I work lol
I think the risk is kinda overblown but apparently they're screening people who come in from China at the airport now
oh boy
some people are kinda freaking out about it at UBC because we have a large Chinese population + some people are going to China for new years
so i see why someone wouldn't have heard of it
i feel like its not that big in the news rn
maybe im just a weird guy
angela how the fuck have you not heard of this earlier
https://www.cnn.com/asia/live-news/coronavirus-outbreak-hnk-intl-01-24-20/index.html
I'm just heard about this today from my mom and that's heckinh wild
it's the sound of rhubarb growing
This is surprisingly nice to listen to https://videos.dailymail.co.uk/video/bc/rtmp_uds/1418450360/2015/06/25/1418450360_4321069131001_4321006488001.mp4
dunkin is a small dun
smobin = robkin ?
great minsd think a like
fuck
oh i just read last message

can you say that rapper is lil pump is a pumpkin
Dang
unfortunately not as "-kin" comes from Proto-Germanic *-ikīną, *-ukīną, a diminutive, while "kin" comes from Proto-Germanic *kunja-, meaning family
Does that mean they're mini versions of you
So your kids are your kin right
Huh. Cool
which means that you would be well within your rights to call rapper "lil' pump" by the name "pumpkin"
fun fact in middle english the suffix -kin was used as a diminutive, which is where we get words like "napkin"; a little nape (cloth)
that sounds pretty great
lucky
This is a real weather forecast in my area right now

wow who would have guessed
So, it turns out that if you search youtube for "perfectly normal music" you really don't get what you asked for
wack
also Booker was in their top 4 despite no longer running for president
So the NYT Opinion just endorsed Warren and.... Klobuchar? Where did they even find 12 people that like Klobuchar??
Job guarantee sounds like a good thing, but I'm just not sure how it would work and how current politicians would go about doing it.  I just feel like I don't know as much about it to definitively say yes to it, but I wouldn't mind it if it was in effect
and it's just been the most effective at generating clean energy
The nuclear power thing, I learned today, is something that Yang is right on -- it's ao much safer than it was in the past that nuclear power plants and disposing of nuclear waste is effective harmless, since more nuclear power plants are using thorium rather than uranium
Some of these things (like debt-free college) I didn't have super strong opinions on what state it should be in, as in, 
I want college to be more affordable, and free is nice, but I just want it to be cheaper

(Bernie is the middle column)
And that the U.S. should join the CPTPP
what (besides whats in the picture) did u disagree w sanders on?
I think I prefer Sanders more, but I apparently agree more with Warren's policies
this is what I got
Steyer is actually (at face value at least) considerably more progressive than most of the people running (though that's not a terribly high bar) but also he's a billionaire and has pretty much self funded his entire campaign so that's an instant no, especially when there are more progressive non-billionaires out there
I guess
Yeah
the transition to completely co2 free energy will also come a lot quicker if we started shooting rich people too but i suppose thats unrealistic
eh
Is the argument I've heard
Renewable sources are good, and definitely key to a completely green future, but nuclear energy is much more efficient in terms of raw power output. The transition to completely CO2 free energy will come a lot quicker if we embrace nuclear energy

like if i wanna throw away a solar panel at least i dont have to bury it underneath this
i just cannot see the advantage of nuclear over other green energy forms
Also, nuclear energy is fairly safe as far as I know
Ok I’m glad im not the only one who had never heard of that guy lol
Sasuke Uchiha is the only candidate that can take on Trump on the economy. Join the growing list of supporters nationwide for Sasuke's candidacy for president.

Paid for by SASUKE UCHIHA 2020
Basically just a rich man who bought his way into the race
i could substitute any name in there
I guess this guy
Tom Steyer is the only candidate that can take on Trump on the economy. Join the growing list of supporters nationwide for Tom's candidacy for president.

Paid for by TOM STEYER 2020
like steyer and bloomberg both joined late but at least bloomberg is a recognizable if not grating name
ok but seriously who the FUCK is tom steyer
no Thank You
eh even if its technically safer id rather not deal with a mini-chernobyl when im already currently breaking the bank over familial cancer treatments
mcafee
you gotta support the true gamer candidate
trump 2024
oh my
I can't believe you're an enlightened centrist
danger is a republican
Wow what does it say about me that no candidate agreed with me more than 10 times
^
I'm pretty sure research tends to bear out that nuclear power is safer than you'd think, with the biggest issue there being where we store the waste
there are more efficient cleaner lower-risk energy sources nuclear energy is a very dangerous 50s dream
there are better ways
random question about this, but what are y'alls thoughts on nuclear power though
but that doesnt mean that they cant go "hey can i vote for the guy whos gonna not commit genocide maybe"
like there are people in prison whomst are probably vile evil disgusting people who deserve to never leave
EXTREMELY fucked
extremely fucked how there's only one person on this answer
I got some no democrat supports this for some of my answers so I just glossed over them
oh
the quiz just told you his policies
i mean
I know like nothing about yang's campaign other than that he's asian american, support's universal income, and is oppressed
nice

and nice same @Peacheon for the yang thing
oh i remember that
huh
there was that whole thing where his campaign stole gettyimages of people in africa bc they couldnt find black people who actually supported him and would agree to photos
yang gang kappa
i dont even know abt buttigieg bc people hype him up but like. his support is so hyperinflated
i will swallow your kneecaps
clearly I gotta vote for yang just to be a hipster
literally no one else matters anymore
biden, sanders, warren, and buttigieg still have a shot
shes like from minnesota and she likes throwing things at her campaign staff thats all i know
there are four people that have a remote chance of winning
she has no chance
out of this list the names idk are klobuchar, steyer, and gabbard
I've never heard of them
idek who klobuchar is at this point
snore

got my results
I see
seems like a dumbass slippery slope to run down
like joe its a whole thing but in the long term theres no point
yeah
and then if a republican gets in office they now have the authority to add more of Their justices
or changing it
since I don't really understand the effects of increasing it
yea obviously for the president doing it, the shit is great
I was a bit confused about the supreme justice thing tbh
like in the VERY short term it will help and then it will eventually even out again into being meh to bad
i have no fucking idea how balances of power work but adding more justices seems like it would set a really fucking stupid precedent
"paid family leave" refers to funds being allocated for people to still be paid while they're off for, iirc, either a newborn child or a sick family member
why the fuck do people want to add more supreme court justices that is Such a bad move
I see
i think vacation time is different
hm
family leave is like. maternity leave right
oh
or just when you have a spouse or kids
no
for 12 weeks of family leave does family leave count taking a personal vacation
yea i'm totally down for federally shifting for clean energy, obviously
the position that you should only have to register assault weapons is asinine, the only realistic position is "all of them" or "none of them"
im lowkey marxist abt guns and i think the punishing nature of the carbon tax on the poor is a very big risk when ultimately a federal shift to clean energy would be more efficient
mine were gun registration and carbon tax
interesting
so, yeah, idk shit abt economy
national debt and trade thingy
uhh
so idk how accurate my results are if i were more educated
what are the two you deviated from sanders on
a lot of the economic ones my eyes glazed over
get shit on biden
there

no wait i missed the last question
stunned by this
also: gabbard is still in the race?
im very surprised about steyer being 3rd on my list
I thought it'd be either Sanders or Warren

I haven't finished taking it, but I'm surprised to see that I have the most in common with Yang
lmfao
i got 18 on sanders
I don't know much about Bloomberg
wait, why's that?
I can't believe I got more for Bloomberg than for Biden
https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/politics/policy-2020/quiz-which-candidate-agrees-with-me/
🤔
Smh joe
>implying the rich are people
always knew angela was a cannibal
Eat the rich
U rite Angela
I mean, I usually do, but airplanes have a literal physical divide between different social classes, and it just . . . makes me infuriated every time I'm in an airport/airplane
Every time I have to get on an airplane, I just want to Hulk out about social class. . . .
The best one I have is: 
"It really makes the ~~rich bastards~~ people sitting in first class look more appetizing."
It’s hard to keep it down?
Uhh
I have a few favourites/ideas that I'm figuring out how to word, but does anyone else have any good ones? o:
now that I'm at an airport, I'm actually trying to think of a punchline to "What's the deal with airline food. . . ?"
glavenus cool
it has so much range
but glavenus is the most insane thing I've fought so far
so far barioth has been pretty interesting
tbf tigrex was old
nice haven't seen him yet
so far i like tigrex a lot
oh yeah @echks what do you think your favorite iceborne monster is so far
maybe
I might just have shit rng since you don't have that many more hours than me
Only ended up with 2 due to default ones game gives
i have like three or four
which I never got
I just took hbg and chose to grind a bunch with it at the end to search for attack jewels
previous experience
and obviously i've been playing since mh3u so uhhhhh
i did bow for main story and some work on like half the other weapons in the endgame
and @timfoolery clearly I just have bots on your computer
but like hbg w/ shield mod just feels so nice
ah
and only hbg
hbg
did you start on lbg or somethin
since I'm going to have to be that close
I'm going to feel so clueless when I have to use a melee weapon
honestly the hardest to learn is probably charge blade
huh
IG is braindead easy
it looks the weirdest
what about insect glaive
everything else i'm fine on
i suck ass at hunting horn
the only way i could feel like a noob again is by picking fucking hunting horn
I'm considering using gun lance when I play with Tim
so I can feel like i'm a noob agian
i switched from bow to GS and goddamn this shit is so fun
when I play with Tim I'll switch weapons
a coward
I'm using same weapon type
wait no
ofc
did you switch weapons for iceborne joe
and you immediately tagged me
can verify
i literally just said the sentence "i got monster hunter worlds"
what tim
and it took me eight fuckin years to grind my way through getting some of the armor i wanted
?
HOW
same
i've been running literally every like, special-reward-giving optional quest
since I only progress once I complete all quests of a certain rank
I'm in mid 3s
ok
idk i think i'm in the latter end of 4
you better not say you're done
as in quest-wise
dude when iceborne came out i only had like 290 hours and now i'm up to 319
what master rank did you reach echks
it's a pretty good game
also nice @timfoolery
holy shit
this is fine @NotJoe
and the hole isn't really a problem bc you kind of close it when you fold it
also, folding it prevents messes
like taking apart oreo halves
I like eating the halves separately
what do u do about the hole
^^^
i'm against the fact that folding a single bagel makes the cream cheese ooze out
We only wanted half a bagel each and we didn't have knives to cut the bagel
bam, problem solved: no blackberry leakage and also no sins against nature
just put the other half of the bagel on top
rather than leaving it open faced or folding it
what i don't understand is why you don't just make it a bagel sandwich
Alex your mom speaks the truth
Even though it's basically multiple bagel sins merged together
Ok, but it's actually pretty good
no!!!!!!
you're so valid
no!!!
angela live your life, eat your bagel taco
no
angela you're a genius
I sent this image to my mom and she said I had to return my Jew card
the Sugar Intake
waffle cone strawberry ice cream blackberry toppings
also, it's easier to eat this way (folded up), bc otherwise the blackberries would fall off
but I don't really like sundaes; I like bagels
thats a fucking dessert just get a fucking sundae while youre at it
I need to do this
Bagels are sandwiches
It's a sandwich
Wait that's actually megabrained though
Does it look good? Yes
Does it taste good? Maybe
Is it a class 3 bagel crime? Absolutely
Here's the thing
Alex liked it too
It's really good
"It's a strawberry cream cheese bagel with blackberries folded up" -Angela
wtf
Today I found out how Angela likes her bagels
i cant do the french r yet
im on my 3rd class rn
yes
i wanna hear the deeper french voice
are you taking french? o:
and i will yell at the geese
and i will go to france
i will keep it
okay thank u
Please don't
or should i even fix this
how do i fix this
i become a chain smoker when i speak french
i just realized this
why do i have a deeper voice in french
"do you believe we should put urinals in the women's restrooms for people who want them"

"yea sure why not"

"abhorrent. despicable"
There was one point where she called trans women predators
Oh my god that was disgusting yeah
did you see that kent state girl trying to gotcha interview ppl about trans bathrooms and it backfiring
Cough cough kent state girl
We've got a whole fucking "free speech club" so I'm sure you know how that goes
At least neither of us have the openly gun fetishizing ones
i haven't met them myself yet but ***GOD*** i want to
my campus is pretty small but we do have a kid that works for prageru
We just get the pseudo intellectual variety
Dang y'all get the fun kind of crazy conservatives
Anyways my campus is crazy
Also somebody argued with the guy that Jesus was probably bi
And I thought it was really nice to see that there a couple of people in the area right next to this guy who were handing out free pride flags and pins and fliers
So there’s this idiot on my campus with a sign that says  “ASK ME WHY YOU DESERVE HELL” and he’s basically just preaching homophobia to a crowd of 50+ people who are yelling at him

I legit forgot light theme existed
Light theme best theme
but light theme....
oh thanks
From my college discord, update your windows!!
dat boi is a cowardly moderate, always balancing on the single unicycle wheel of centrism
So what you're saying is that hes an enlightened centrist
I'm not sure dat boi has an ideology
Is dat boi the leftist version of pepe the frog
So I'm lying in bed here and I'm not able to sleep but I have a question i must propose to this public forum

no!
But that's what it is
no
also petition to call the iceborne expansion the new new world
and holy shit it's overwhelming how much stuff they added
I just started
nice
I am fine
I played it for literally 7 hours straight yesterday
You DAMN RIGHT
oh yeah @echks did you get iceborne
I'd send a pic but I'm out and about rn
It showed a bunch of categories for what type of support you needed
wait, what do you see in the support link?
but i was kind of just clicking around for a bit cause idk what category you were going down
the support link didn't seem to be an infinite loop for me
also, 
https://support.spotify.com/us/contact-spotify-support/ is an infinite loop for me, and I was wondering if it was the same for anyone else?
except on Twitter ??  or their forum
so no one can contact them with questions ?
there's no phone number or email
as in
why does Spotify customer service suck
so,
I see it as blue because in movies and shows I feel like I usually see time travelling including a blue visual effect
But white is what I see for the passage of time
Like a lockethead wearing a mink fur purple coat
And I think gold and purple are what I see for a personified version of time
Ok I thought a little more about it
depending on the context?
I think I see gold or white usually
Blue
Bright white like a flash of light
like a dark purple
purple for me
for me its a golden yellow like a pocket watch
what color do you associate the concept of time with?
hey question

oh god oh no
angela please dont tell me you have a feeling of disdain over my opinion of mermaids
kinda hot but not as hot as an actual mermaid

fish person whats not to like
and stuff
dude mermaids are like so cool and hot
or a puppet
isn't this like the mermaid blanket thing
it looks like a banana sword
so
thanks i hate it

think of it as a long dress that's sewed together at the end

i don't understand it for some reason
i love the idea robin
it's like a snuggie
I don't have a way to draw rn but I think Alex gets me and I trust his artistic vision
can u not
-confucius
when can ask why not?
why ask why
long enough to look like a whole plate of pasta
but why
one single spaghetti strand
maybe id get one like thats like
That's smart
I see
Ohhh
without my movement being constricted
like long enough that i could do cartwheels
but why
How long?
if it was REALLY long
i would wear a tubular sock
can you draw a picture
It sounds comfy
I like it
Like the legs melted and fused together
Yeah
So like a onesie on top, but a sack on the bottom
where do your two legs go
But a top with arms
Also Angela think the bottom of a sleeping bag
Looks exactly as I imagined it
What do you think?
This is the prototype

what do you mean just the one leg
But since it's a onesie you don't have to worry about it falling off
im sorry what
A onesie but with just the one leg, kinda like a potato sack shape
In a related vein
I have another invention proposal which has been heavily inspired by Joe
No
Also wouldn't a better more versatile thing be to just use a blanket to wrap around both feet
^^^
You could shuffle
crawl
What if you need to move
Comfy and secure
It's for inside the house!
you can barely move around
So it's way more efficient
You're just crippling your range of movement
You only need one sock for both feet
If they can thrill even something as minute as socks which they'd have to wear anyways that's a win
What's the point
Can I ask
Well thrill seekers get thrills any way they can
Like, imagine two socks fused together at the end
also, if you're getting thrills from socks i think you have other problems
Isnt he saying a giant sock with two feet in it, but a hole at the bottom for whatever reason
I was not thjnking that, but that's also a good idea
No
joe i don't think so
It could attract thrill seekers
Also alex can you confirm the image I sent is essentially what you're suggesting but with an extra hole
They're really good socks
Because
^^^^^^^^^^^
why would people want to sign a waiver before buying a pack of socks
Soo
Your name is tubular talia
No
Joe, are you with me?
https://www.google.com/imgres?imgurl=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.homedepot-static.com%2FproductImages%2Fb03974ef-ba8a-40f1-808e-652ffe2690cb%2Fsvn%2Fla-linen-combination-game-sets-burlapsack-1pk-natural-64_1000.jpg&imgrefurl=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.homedepot.com%2Fp%2FLA-Linen-Gunny-Sack-Race-24-in-W-x-40-in-L-Natural-Burlap-Potato-Sack-BurlapSack-1Pk-Natural%2F304226490&docid=R59KuNpKa6m9xM&tbnid=Qdd8QAvU0xfkVM%3A&vet=1&source=sh%2Fx%2Fim
So I can't be sued
I'm picturing this but worse with a hole at the bottom
You sign a waiver when you buy them
To get more friction so it doesn't slip
if people trip using these socks are you liable
Knee high socks would be more secure
Probably higher, yeah
Why ankles tho
that's worse
im assuming
Yes
so you're wearing one tube from one ankle to the other
I feel like it would slip
For both feet at once
You only use one sock
wouldnt cold go through the tip of each socks
Then your feet are covered
But if you wear it the normal, prescripted way
I guess it's like tights then but only for one leg
If you only wear it on one foot
is it even a sock then
also are you saying this singular tube sock doesn't cover the feet since it is a tube?
how would that be any more comfortable than two individual socks
our feet weren't meant for hopping
It's comfy
It's for inside the house
why would anyone want that
but why
u can only hop
^^^^^^
like what
how coiuld u even walk
And get rich
I could sell them maybe
I think there's a market
no
I would
@​here December 19, 2019 — Question of the Day:
Imagine a tubublar sock, so like a sock with the end cut off to create one sock with two holes at each end. Now imagine a large enough tube sock so that you can wear it on both feet at the same time, so you only need one sock for two feet. Would you wear it?
Hot dog water flavor ice cream
But generally yes, most ice cream is good ice cream
I’m not sure if I would enjoy lobster ice cream or steak ice cream
Basically, all ice cream is good ice cream
Which was pretty good but misleading, because it wasn't just one ice cream, they just separated the strawberry ice cream and the goat cheese part, so I was going through the ice cream thinking, "hey, this is basically just strawberry ice cream" and then I hit the goat cheese part, which was unexpected, but still really good
I paired it with strawberry goat cheese ice cream
Also, I recently had sweet purple yam ice cream, which also did not taste much like yam, but more like a mild sweetness with some kind of nutty flavor
That sounds good, I like tangy stuff
It doesn't taste like sauerkraut much, really it's more of a tangy vanilla
And it's actually pretty good
Alright so I tried the sauerkraut ice cream
I need to fix my sleep schedule lol
I woke up at 2:30 in the morning
Oh well, hindsight is 2020
Looking back, maybe I shouldn't have stayed up
So now I can go to sleep finally
now it's not 2019 for anyone any more
Still another hour before Samoa is in 2020, haha, those losers are living in the past
Aww yeaa, 2020

you close the gap further and further everyday
you cannot escape death
this happens everyday
this is the only time you'll ever live a 01/01/2020
New Year's countdown call in Calamari Chilling
Imagine staying up till midnight
🤔
man imagine only staying up till midnight on special occasions
~~i highkey hate that i said that thanks~~
oooOooh wub wub
get ready to time travel into the next decade
happy new year's eve !
Happy New Year and New Year’s Eve, 2020’s the year of perfect vision
There's no point in trying something that already sounds good
Go for it, I believe in you
Yeah I can also report back about whether I can still taste food or if the sheer power of sauerkraut ice cream renders me unable to taste
rip your tastebuds
I'll report back
I'm gonna go try it for science
It's 20 minutes from where I live
eww
But why
disgusting
"The shop is bringing back the popular flavor for the third time."
https://www.abc27.com/news/top-stories/harrisburgs-urban-churn-to-start-selling-sauerkraut-ice-cream-sunday/
I knew pocket monsters was a thing, but I thought it was something different than pokemon
oh my fuckint god
I didn't know that was a thing either
Yes
i figured it out by knowing digimon = digital monsters
NO
WH
yes
What the f cuk
Is that common knowledge
Timbothy
That pokemon stood for pocket monsters
I didnt know
I
Hold on
Guys guys
rasputin death also
how dare u just ok that
ok
its the birthday of canda recognizing israel

its more than saturday
yes
no
saturday
u know what day it is guys
Can confirm have never experienced that
Really poking at my insecurities

acts of service is 10/10
i feel like none of yall have experienced the pure euphoria of someone getting you food so you dont have to move

imagine SOMEONE caring enough about ME to get me something they think I might LIKE such a CRAZY THOUGHT
Also curse their e book
yep
So we all rate quality time pretty highly
I do like recieving gifts but it's definitely more of a supplemental thing for me. The point of gift giving is much less about the gift and more about the giving imo, and it's fundamentally all about appreciation. I guess I just prefer appreciation in a form that feels less like an exchange and more like a passive kind of love, without the need for a gift.

I consider quality time and physical touch around equal
fair
In my experience I 100% consider spending time with people as more important than anything else
I bought my cousin a funko pop last month just cause I saw it and thought she would like it and I know now that she got me a Christmas present so I have this struggle of like idk if I should try to get her something
and that's why acts of service and receiving gifts ranked low for me probably
so it's bleh
yeah
similar to what danger said about owing a debt
I just have a natural feeling where if something is done for me I gotta pay it back
Cause then I feel a debt
Like I enjoy buying people shit but I don't like them feeling like they have to give something back
But not gift receiving
it's a matter of a feeling of obligation though
I like gift giving
A gift is meant to be given not to ask for something in return
i feel like you dont have to give something back though
^
I despise gift-giving a lot
Woah, Robin, ours are surprisingly similar
since to me it's like someone gives you something and you're immediately like oh fuck I gotta think of something fast
and feels too awkward
gift giving seems like such a pain to me


also I'm so bad at gift giving and I'd feel bad if people gave me stuff without reciprocating myself
I feel like I'd rank physical touch a bit higher but idk it really depends


You already know Bridger 😉
what if we physically touched 😳

all the quizzes n shit
wdym
where do you even keep finding these
I'm already stuck on the first question
actually, this is probably the best quiz bc I think it's the official website for it >:c
actually, let me send a different one bc you have to give your info for this one
https://www.5lovelanguages.com/profile/singles/
Happy christmas
merry mcfucking christmas
Merry Christmas
MERRY CHRISTMAS
Próspero año y felicidad ♥️
Merry Christmas though to those who celebrate and happy holidays to anyone who celebrates something else!
Aaahhh
🎄 🌟
Feliz navidad
But amyways
I haven't been able to go back to sleep
I've been up since 6:30 am with a massive headache, sore eyes, and cramping neck ugh
So I kind of awkwardly say hi and bye, and sit next to them, unable to say anything else because I don't even know who they are
For me it sucks cause theres a lot of people who I'm related to who know me but I don't know them
Yeah I can 100% relate with awkwardly standing around with people I don't know
Nice
on an unrelated note one of my stepmom's sister's friends looks like the most stoner person ever
and tomorrow we're also having them + some other folks over so I'll get to stand around and be awkward again
I had to go to my stepmom's family's house where I just kinda stood around and did nothing
ah
Banana
Looks good, what's on the bottom right
Check this out

Celeste is free on Epic until tomorrow at 11 am
clearly this is how you know a restaurant is quality, when its owner is put in jail, but the restaurant stays open
just chill and eat
The funny part is when I looked up the place, it was highly regarded but last month it was raided because the owner was apparently running a prostitution ring
I'm going to be eating dim sum tomorrow which should be interesting
@echks what do you usually do at your parents' house?
Merry Christmas Eve and Christmas
back at my parents' house for today + tomorrow
anyone doing anything fun?
!!! 🎉
Merry Christmas Eve !! 🎄 🎅
Good
Blasphemy
I'd just like to make sure of one thing though, @echks what are your thoughts on seltzer
Same
I basically only drink water
do you only drink bottled?
what is pure water to you?
also, what do you mean by water purist?
ood :c  start up a new collection
I'm a water purist
Until my dad threw them all away...
I had like 18 different brnads
I used to actually collect water bottles
do you spend all of your free time also rating water?
what makes you say that
This is a post created specifically for me
this is so extra 
https://www.reddit.com/r/Jon_Drinks_Water/comments/ecq6ge/the_current_water_brackets/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share
oh yeah, whoever was doing this in downtown Boston yesterday is my hero
warm showers all the way
Maybe it’s normal for me cause miami heat counteracts the shower cold
Mood
My showers are always one notch away from burning me
I've tried them, and I always feel worse after than before the shower
I hate cold showers with a passion
ill just deal with whatever temperature
im pretty variable with my showers
Like, in-and-out-in-ninety-seconds fast
I'll only do a cold shower if I need to be obscenely fast
eugh
I fucking despise cold showers
eyyy
I'm still here vibing taking cold showers
Nnooooonoooooo
SUGMA BALLS HAHAH MAWELL GOT YOU HAHAHAA
Don't let your hands freeze
tough luck angela that's called sugma and you can die from it
Yeah and gloves
pls bundle up with lots of blankets
damn angela that's wild
damn
i want food
the water feels warm in my hands but cold in my mouth
I use celcius
I'm a vegetarian and it's true
america = burger = meat
But I feel its a good reason
You know I've never had my eating of meat given as the reason for why I need temperature listed in farenheit
brushing my teeth is the weirdest feeling rn
i just realized
i meant to say cold
its like 50 farenheit for u meat eaters
imagine being gold
I envy you right now
imagine being cold
🧹
shoo
i'm vibing

It's so cold in my house that the cold water felt warm compared to my hands 😭
Oof that's cold
gotta love freezing
i love how she was gone for 5 years for no reason
I'm not home rn but I'd be down later
Maybe later if you get more people
Does anyone want to form a group and play Bedwars on Hypixel?
this allows the house dems to continue investigations for however long they want, as well as politically allows them to wave it around as a pawn until election day
for however long she wants
which she is allowed to do
yeah so basically pelosi refuses to send the articles of impeachment to the senate specifically because of mcconnell's partiality
hmm
anyway if lichtman is to be believed, even if he doesnt leave office in his first term, impeachment is his major obstacle heading into re-election and turned his re-election from an inevitability to an unknown
theres technically something else they could do but im not a politician and i dont remember what it is
you mean they don't have to send the articles to the senate
??
but it will most likely
it doesnt HAVE to go to the senate
technically
that said
Trump is staying
`The Senate shall have the sole Power to try all Impeachments. When sitting for that Purpose, they shall be on Oath or Affirmation. When the President of the United States is tried, the Chief Justice shall preside: And no Person shall be convicted without the Concurrence of two-thirds of the Members present.`
Yeah, I did a chi squared test to test how partisan the impeachment vote was, and it turns out it was very much not random, with a p value of 10^-30
Makes sense
ah
and the senate majority leader has outright said he will do everything in his power to keep trump from being removed from office, no matter the evidence against him
which they probably won't because not a single republican voted for impeachment and the senate is a republican majority
no, Trump has been impeached by the house but will only be removed from office if the Senate decides to do so
Isnt the issue that we get pence now though
“First time trumps got the popular vote for something”
Stealing a comment I saw
damn we really making history
OOP trump has been impeached
Omg that’s the most extra phone thing I’ve ever seen
https://smile.amazon.com/PhoneSoap-Sanitizer-Universal-Patented-Clinically/dp/B07SG77R9P -- I also highkey want this
it's so extra, but I really hope to own this in the future
(play the video for full effect)
https://www.tapwithus.com/ -- This is highkey so cool !!!!!
https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/ecgnlk/tifu_by_making_such_a_disgusting_smell_from_my/  
I feel like this is a somewhat immature thing to share, but I just thought this was so funny
Hey, this is the only thing I've accomplished for the past 2 weeks
disagree
Legendary
I'm playing smash bros with a guitar hero guitar
I just spent the last 3 hours getting my wii remote to connect to my laptop and the results are so worth it
I was thinking that it would either brighten their day or make them die a little on the inside
It’s ok maybe you’ll brighten the day of whoever reads it
I always feel bad pulling pranks on people
Now I just feel bad
@Maktackle I don't recall if you go to florida state university, but if you do clearly this frat is the best group on your campus https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DpXzB6P3-HM
what a perfect human being
god, brian
also bdg is a blessing I love his face
; u ;
be responsible
go to bed
but tmr
o:  I want to google what they look like now
their voices are especially confusing because they look absolutely nothing like they sound
three
I honestly don't remember how many brothers there are
the rest confuse me
yea
I think same?  I can only tell apart the DM and the dad
it took me like 30 episodes to be able to tell travis and justin's voices apart
my eyes hurt rn ahh
thats fair yea
yes get some sleep
I've probably listened to like 20 episodes and I don't know any of their names lol
also, I think I need sleep
oh
their dad
~~i don't remember who that is, but that's okay~~
clint doesnt do mbmbam tho
huh neat
i guess
I've listened to like 2 or 3 eps
mbmbam is like, their "main" thing
all I know involving them is the Adventure Zone
is there any chance you know who the mcelroys are
it's a comedy thing it's very good
huh
podcast
my brother, my brother, and me
what is Mbmbam?
I can't stand silence so my ears are constantly full of mcelroys, bdg, or my actual friends
I honestly haven't really been able to play video games much (left broken gaming laptop at home), so now all I have now is Picross on mobile, Amazon shopping, games on @Maxwell's PC, and Hulu
Mbmbam immensely good for multitasking
mbmbam is also good for multitasking
very fair
Because I can multitask with that
I will, however, listen to 70 episodes of dungeons and dragons podcast
that's fair
Not really
oh, just not a show type of person ?
fmab is good
One of yoi, one of bnha, three or four of fmab
Not even, I've watched like five total seasons of anime
ur a crunchyroll gal I understand
huh
I've never been able to get into hulu or netflix or whatever
😝
damn I can't imagine playing picross on half a phone screen
I learned that you could split screen on mobile like a month ago, so sometimes I do Hulu + Picross, and that's honestly my heaven
lmao
oh mood
also multi monitors have ruined me I can't put anything in fullscreen anymore I have to be able to multitask at all times
and then it's 11pm and i've forgotten to make dinner
i'll be on minecraft for a few hours, smite for a couple, smash for another, etc
really wish I had two monitors split screen just isn't the same
valid
I've been doing a lot of youtube + picross / minesweeper / snake
I just feel like it's a real problem for me ahah
that's fair
and instead of doing hw
"playing games" in a broad sense but no one game, no
and right nefore bed
formerly swipe brick breaker 😭
and in between classes
like, I'll be at dinner and on my phone playing Picross
do y'all have anything you just obsessively do for hours on end?
also, I feel like, with the amount I play Picross, it should just honestly be a personality trait of mine
wild
not to mention it was her sister too
was the usc scandal in specific
she's the one with all the drama last year about her parents paying bribes and faking a bunch of stuff so she could get into a good college
who is Olivia Jade?
TRUE
not like she'll be going to classes if she does go to college
ah
a sophomore or junior
she should be like
she's already 20
because for all scandals you only need to wait a year or so and people will forget about it
also yeah I imagine she'll probably go to some high end college in the end
hi again
her parents have a net worth of $120 million she could definitely just do nothing for the rest of her life as long as they want to support her
she could probably do nothing for the rest of her life and be okay tbh
probably
she could easily do yt for the rest of her life and be okay

rich people are good at getting around stuff
looks like her audience wasn't too receptive to her coming back
apparently they have a big youtube channel
ah
but eventually she probably will
oh I'm not saying that she's going somewhere now
oh she is? where
yeah she'll end up going somewhere eventually if she wants to, she's rich after all
yep she is
ohh
is she the one that got into usc with the scandal
whomst
do you think olivia jade is going back to college ?
"my dad works at mojang let me in ur ull be banned 4 lyfe"
well there is one surefire way to get into any ivy
i feel like the fact she got deferred is good enough lol
ya that's what i thought!
unless they're rich
^^
they're already being over confident
if someone expects acceptance from an ivy
my friend got deferred from Cornell and she's upset because she expected acceptance, yet she did the entire application the day before the due date
schools have various stats on what percent of people get accepted once deferred though
it just means they want more info
I got deferred at UBC but I ultimately got in
it doesn't
depends on the school but more often than not
does deferred usually mean denied
also
lmfaoooooo
just ivy leagues tm
oh
they put up nets to prevent people from jumping

what are the suicide net things
what
and I saw the suicide net things on tiktok? that just ruined my impression of them
yes
imo
it's also extremely rural there
fair
oh I don't think I'm going to, unless I have a lot of spare time and stuff
or were you just mentioning it
I forgot, did you say you applied to cornell a while ago
nice
I'd rather be in downtown boston
yea
are you also someone who prefers big-ish cities nearby
relatable
and let's just say I wasn't a fan 😳
fair
I saw someone run through a google maps of typical streets
I feel like there's nothing there
bhahaha lets be real
I'm trying not to sound utterly biased and call them weird
"mildly"
I'd say make doubly sure for Wellesley since I think their environment is mildly atypical
that too
yeah it's pretty solid I think
yeah education is important but you should also make sure you go somewhere that you actually want to be
yea I don't like small schools, but my parents just want me to get in because their education is pretty top tier apparently
oof you make a good point
sorry to derail the convo I just thought it was interesting
also wow only ~2.5k students that's insanely small
you know this table is kinda misleading, if you include the deferred people accepted then ED actually has a 36% acceptance rate
Oof
my parents really want me to go
So is Wellesley a higher choice for you than university of washington
ivy without the ivy
Nice
then I'm going to try and do mit classes lolol
If I do get in
O
I thought you meant the part of having to go
Oh
I'm doing regular decision with early evaluation

How so
I realized I'm practically EDing to wellesley
ahahha
Just wait till you experience the feeling of getting letters back and the moment before opening them
why is that me rn
Honestly the wait was more stressful to me than the application process for me
RIP have fun waiting 10 years for decisions
why not now ;-;
why do decisions come out in feb
I didn't ed because neu wasnt my top choice
Yeah
did you ea for neu? i forgot
nice
1 harvard, 1 stanford, 1 cornell, 2 vandy, 1 nyu
ok i don't know all of them but I know like 6 so far
@cynthia
and what EDs
how many
@NotJoe you will not believe how many people got into the ED of their dreams at my school
it's wishlistr
I don't really know what I'd want so I just put down flannels
@echks is the site giftster? My family made me get one of those too
Finally embracing your florida man routes I see
cause theyre gonna be the #1 team
i have to become a florida fan now
atlanta and florida
San Fran and Atlanta?
which two teams again?
that's so cool !
ooo:
I’ll get to see my two favorite teams in person and I’m gonna try to be sitting in the part where people high five the pros while they’re walking on
I’m buying one for me and one for my gf who doesn’t care about esports but just wants to come along with me in March
I’ve been saving up for overwatch league tickets
drinking water
what made you think of coasters?
socks are so valid
socks
and then also like
for instance i realized i don't actually own coasters
i usually have nothing but my friends cyberbullied me into making one on this website so now i have various random things i need/want
December 13, 2019 — Question of the Day:
What is on your wishlist this holiday?  (It can be both physical gifts or more abstract wishes).
@​here
^
what is that?
no?
um
you ever just accidentally get frostbite spray on your bed?
I actually love that word
Ooh yay
https://time.com/5746516/merriam-webster-word-of-the-year-2019/ yeety
I can just imagine pretending to not be a virgin when im 9 just to get out of having to do that
what
um
Might be one of the worst things I've ever seen
I haven't watched the video
But I really want it to be just them cracking the raw egg onto the mattress and saying "your mattress is terrible it has a raw egg on it, buy a new one" then showing their logo
~~Also, I just enjoyed watching it idk why~~
or does what it says it's supposed to
It's an ad for a mattress, but I'm wondering if this actual works
https://youtu.be/4BvwpjaGZCQ
well, I liked the "reflection of your subconscious hate" part, but I think it's more fear than hate
So now I'm just here with my half baked joke exposed
But I didn't finish thinking before I sent the first one
You know I thought I'd have somewhere funnier to go with those comments
Maybe this is just a reflection of your subconscious hate
The scariest thing is you yourself
What I've learned from this is that windows are the scariest thing you can add to a building
I was just walking by a building and out of the corner of my eye I thought I saw someone walking right next to me but inside the building, but it was just my own reflection in the glass
this is quality philosophical content
excuse me?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EuM2EAXXLBk&feature=youtu.be this is the real quality content people needed
https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/e7xrte/til_that_an_iraqi_man_slept_through_the_invasion/
it is
also, this popped up in my notifications and now I feel like it's personal
that's v neat
https://futurism.com/the-byte/roleplaying-ai-game-dungeon-master
Wellesley is near where we live ooo:
and I lowkey feel like the type of people to go to single gendered school tend to be the very religious-y type
I feel like it'd just feel weird to only be around people of the same gender
same
I don't think I could do a single gendered school though
Yeah it's a really good school I think
Also I’m pretty sure you get reeeeally educated there
fair
I’m just applying there because it’s free application so why not
Hahah
but that's because i'm biased against schools that are all of one type of people
actually probably
maybe
It is an all girls school so maybe there’s a lot of drama
I only know about it b/c a girl from our grade ended up going there
Even tho I went to a wedding there years ago
same
nice
Also I didn't even know that was a school until last year lmao
probably
It's more suburbs iirc
since I believe I heard andressa talk about it ages ago
it's like eh I think
it’s a quiet city
That's not totally in the middle of nowhere I think
it's a well known liberal arts college
ya boi
yes
Wellesley ma?
babson
Hey but Olin and abandon
oof
I’m applying to Wellesley and it’s in the middle of nowhere
ithaca..ehhh it’s ok
do you really wanna deal with that
cornell's in in the middle of nowhere though
I have it in my common app lmaooo
Cornell has 1 🤡🤡
and said fuck no to that
then I looked at how many supplements each ivy required
I initially considered applying to more ivies
I'm done
at the 15 mark I was like y'know what
smh
some try hard ppl on youtube apply to like 20
probably 15
like 12-15 I think
uh
wait how many did you apply to lol
and didn't need to spend the extra time to get more
and at that point I had enough to apply to
Tulane has free app but I don’t really want to be there
since I was like lemme apply to a bunch of well known schools
Ah i see
don't think any of the schools I applied to really had that
Ah
idk what schools had free apps
Besides Wellesley
uh
Do you know any good schools with free application
I guess lol
as long as you need it
since I know most ivy leagues give a massive amount of scholarships and stuff
I mean I feel like ivy league tuition is pretty much a separate ballpark for the most park
that’s higher than ivy leagues
that's higher than neu
dang
77k/year
oof
but on the other hand.. I’m a clown for thinking usc was financially affordable
Missed opportunity
yeah
I didn't know much about that
huh
oh REA
Some girl at my school REA to Yale and did EA to Umich
who are weirdos
except for some ivies
I mean i'm pretty sure you can ED elsewhere and EA at the same time to private schools as well
oh
I didn’t know you could also EA at the same time to public schools and ED/EA II elsewhere
and that you're confident you can financially support it
you only ED if there's a place that you're like this place is godly
eh ED is very situational
I should have
nah
I forgot, did you ED anywhere or nah
nice
umich which is supposed to come out sometime before December 24
only one
don't you have also have some decisions which are coming back soon at this point
just college app stuff
kinda crazy
in the span of one month I applied to 12 schools
yes
so did you still end up applying to the ucs or nah @cynthia
and I figured that in the end I might not get that much money from them either^
@NotJoe I was gonna snap you but uc apps were such a grind
all I think of when I hear about the show friends is just a loud laugh track
It was awful
But I've only ever watched one episode of friends
I kept waking up all night with the friends theme song playing in my head
good luck on getting those acceptance letters @cynthia
rip\
college apps have put me in a deep dark cave ahahhahah
<3 MIKEL HELLO
oh
omg cynthia ily sign my entire body
um wow haven't been here in a long time what's up everyone
Thank you random guy
"HEY REF, DID YOUR WIFE'S BOYFRIEND LET YOU TAKE THE CAR TO THE GAME TONIGHT?"
- Random guy behind us
Oh psh
UMaine
Who's your team even up against
He got distracted, which led to his ultimate downfall
Yeah the opposing goalie just couldn't stand up to the sexiness of our goalie
we're crushing UMaine
which was followed by an immediate goal by us
also, after he did it, everyone chanted "sexy goalie"
I'm so convinced that all hockey goalies can just do splits
apparently our goal can do a split too !!! whhhh
Thanks announcer man
"It's time for my favorite part of the day. nothing makes me happier than commentating over kids shooting pucks at an intern in a pizza costume. You ready Slice?"
slice-o the pizza
Yeah at our summer nso they tried to indoctrinate us to UMass chants
I'm just going to post all of the great chants here
also "fuck you goalie . . ."
They made us learn ours at orientation and I forgot all of them except the one that’s just a repetition of our schools acronym over and over again
Did they try to make you learn your school chants
also, peak UMass hockey culture is people chanting "you suck, you suck, you suck . . ." (which Joyce and I walked in on) and "bullshit, bullshit, bullshit . . ." with hand motions
well, no one was on the ice but the two goalies
That sounds like it could end very painfully
you know, just casual flexing
holy crap, one of the goalies on the team was just casually doing a split on the ice to warm up
🤔
The only sport I've been to since I got here was an american football game <:richthonk:423678784911310868>
I guess you're more Canadian than I am now
like top 5 or 10 for college hockey
really good
yeahhh
is your schools hockey team good?
yeah i love the marching band school part of my college football games
the marching band plays a bunch of 2010s pop, and everyone just kind of sings along.  it's just a good time all-around
idk if it's that I enjoy watching hockey games, or it's that I enjoy going to hockey games at my college specifically
Also, not at all related, but I'm going to a ~~(my second)~~ hockey game tonight
I agree with that last statement in that some names of professions in Spanish are masculine or feminine only because of preexisting stereotypes about what gender most commonly works in that profession (like “la azafata” as a way of saying flight attendant) and that this is a problem
I do think that the entire idea of existing languages enforcing gender norms by design and needing to be significantly altered if we want to break free with the latter is worth considering, though.
I'm sure something exists already too
I think the addition of a gender neutral singular third person pronoun would be good for romance languages, not sure about anything else
-I don’t feel like Spanish has the same musicality it usually does when you’re replacing words with language gender neutral versions, it just feels like it sounds bad but tbh maybe that’s Bc I’m not used to it
-They mentioned some people calling “la presidenta” grammatically incorrect but that’s bullshit cause by now the RAE (big Spanish academy language boss) accepts that
-I don’t think it’s fair to say that Spanish language is patriarchal in this sense  when most of the time the grammatical gender has nothing do with any real human gender. Like “la silla” as “the chair”. Chairs aren’t feminine or girly obviously, it’s just the grammatical pronoun associated with them.
- It’s kinda funny that they translated their general neutral “chiques” into “guys” which we were just talking about the other day
- The reporter in that videos a jerk
So after reading that whole thing
https://www.washingtonpost.com/dc-md-va/2019/12/05/teens-argentina-are-leading-charge-gender-neutral-language/
I just got this article recommended to me
there are certain words in spanish where i use a synonym just bc the original sounds uglier imo
latrine
also, what's the word for toilet?
^^^^^
The biggest problem I have (as a non Hispanic person) about Latinx is that some people pronounce it "Latin - x" like the language Latin and that's just so wrong to my ears
huh
So Latino is sometimes interpreted as a specifically male word
It’s because there are the words Latino and Latina
is latino supposed to refer to a certain gender?
Some people prefer Latinx to be more inclusive of non-binary people
wait what's the issue with using the term latino
It rhymes with a word for toilet
I've heard that proposed as another way to say latinx
how do you feel about the term 'latine'?
if anything, i'll just say latino people because that's inclusive in the same way
i respect people using it but i dont personally use it because it feels like it's neglecting my language's grammar structure where a masculine plural word doesn't have to denote the gender of the people it's describing
i dont use the word latinx
To me, I think it's a bit silly to try and force a change in language. "Guys" has taken on a meaning separate from what it once meant and when someone says "hey guys" they don't literally mean "hey men/boys/etc" but rather the other meaning that "guys" has come to have over time as a result of progressive progress. All we can do as speakers and observers of language is pay attention to what people are saying and what they mean by it, and then we can ask why. What is silly is to suggest that we can prescribe a way that language "should" be and expect language to become like that, when in reality it is always the other way around; language is and we observe. Gradual shifts in language mark the progression of societal thought, but do not define it. "Guys" is most definitely a reflection of an older era of more direct sexism, but it is also a unifying term as well, and it's a term that I believe marks a change towards a more equal and neutral society. Enforcing gender neutral terms by controlling language is counter productive because it alienates what ought to be normalized. The obvious avoidance of a phrase like "hey guys" makes the alternatives such as "hello friends" sound forced and reinforces the notion that making language fair and neutral is weird when in reality, I think that it is already normal. Ironically, the act of controlling your language to change language as a whole only makes the distinction more rigid and acts against progress. The best method then, imo, is to spread awareness of the issues themselves, rather than the way they manifest as language, and by doing so, this will produce a natural shift to a more inclusive and egalitarian language reflective of the beliefs of society in general.
But that one could definitely be bad in some contexts
I also like using hey gang
unless it has some connotation i dont know about
i don't think it sounds awkward and i think its gender neutral
i'm a bit late to the party but what works for me is saying "hey folks"
you're so valid
brief introspection has reminded me that "you fuckers" and "you fucking people" are ways i commonly address groups
you know I might as well claim it was all calculated now
i thought you were making a pun
since you use that to refer to a group of people even when there's women in it
他们 is what I was thinking of
that is on me wtf
oml
that's on you
I wasn't even referring to that
joe i hate u
oh
m e n
"ni men"
only written
omg stop
you use the male version of the word
I just realized that when referring to a group of people in chinese
actually also yeah
same
idk, i think hey guys is pretty gender neutral by now
the former actually works in Chinese
(having one pronoun in reference to a person)
a plural subject is expressed by naming each individual composing the plurality
make english just the most inconvenient language possible
remove pronouns entirely so you have to say people's names over and over again
english should have one universal pronoun and the subject of a sentence must be inferred from a combination of verb conjugation and context
yes
and my brain skipped over it
I just saw the double negative
oh wait nvm
but i would definitely not if i'm not speaking to a cis girl
yeah
i also say "hey man" to girls
it's neat to see language shift over time
but I do like how "guys" is becoming more gender-neutral
I don't interact too often with people who fall into those categories so it's not really something I often have to consider
I don't want to accidentally slip up anyways, so I feel like I should build a habit out of using more gender-neutral language
fair
eh, I feel like for me personally, being someone who is queer and interacting with trans people on the daily, I should try to get into the habit of not using guys
if i'm in a setting with someone who seems very sensitive to it I'd probably try and go out of my way to do something else incase
I mean I could see that as well
and then ill just be like hello peoples or something
trying to deny their gender
although tbh i avoid using it if im talking to a friend whos not cis because i want to make sure they know im not like
I'm probably not going to particular go out of my way since I feel like it's a term that's become gender neutral enough at this point
eh
so saying hey guys seems pretty mild to me
but I do want to stop saying hey guys if I can
idk in spanish you literally use any masculine word to describe a group of any gender as long as theres at least one male
saying hey you all reminds me of a robot
hey you all sounds a bit weird to me
versus just saying hey guys which is faster
like yes but also a tiny bit forced
it still feels a bit clunky to me
^
kiind of
"you all" sounds normal right
if I said y'all
I also feel like it'd feel off in a workplace setting
but it does sound off sometimes
I use it bc it's easy for me to say
im floridian i win
like I use it sometimes casually
yeahh
I feel like y'all is too awkward outside of a southern setting still
mfw "y'all" is progressive now
hm
yeah
my favourite I think is "you all"
"you all" works pretty well
I mean, yeah.  we kind of don't have a perfect/good plural gender-neutral word rn imo
since it kinda said itself that most of the possible alternatives feel pretty awkward and forced
It talked a lot but I feel like the article kinda failed to provide an actually good alternative in the end
I liked reading through it because it just presents a bunch of different sides/perspectives/reasonings throughout
yeah
i'm assuming it's about being gender neutral right
https://getpocket.com/explore/item/the-problem-with-hey-guys
what do y'all think of this?
I probably won’t change it it’s more just a fantasy thing
o noes
sjw
any business major
purple haired sjw echks
who will she yell at on a college campus
😳
i was gonna make mine purple soon
oh this is useful
i feel like you're a red tips/ombré type of guy
what colour are you going for?
ooo:
https://www.totalbeauty.com/content/blog/change-hair-color-tbk-170728
looking to dye your hair?
not scuffed tho
ms paint
is there any kind of website or app where you can put a picture of yourself and it shows you how you would look with different hair colors
There's a reason people are called crusty looking when a bunch of dead skin is on them
no it makes us earth acne
If the crust is the Earth's skin, does that make skin just people crust?
omfg
Yeah you never know what they have in tap weed so you gotta filter it or buy it bottled
Hey how else is he supposed to get that fresh taste
And I’m just here snuggling up in my blanket
LOL
HUGE shouting from the other room he’s so mad
One of my roommates used the other guys Brita water filter as a bong
Omg
nvm, I just got a text saying that they cancelled classes
It doesnt really matter for me since my classes are all doing final exam prep
Same
not for us 😥
cognrats!
Snow day tomorrrooooowwwww yayeet
Ahhhh hmmmmm veeeryyyy interestiiiinnnggg
Oh if you type it again it stops
refresh the page
How do I make it stop
Oh shit that's cool
No bait it’s a real thing
Go to any YouTube video and type awesome and see what happens
Wait wtf how did I never know this was a thing
I agree
Ew, seltzer, gross
seems legit
So after some time, water will turn into dirty goy water
petition to rename water: dirty goy water and seltzer water: water
looks like a girl just put on a pre-schooler backpack
it's ok
I can't believe it's real
this is the dumbest thing I've ever seen
also
that's fair
only issue with some black friday deals is where companies jack up initial price to make discount look larger
https://www.buzzfeed.com/mallorymcinnis/black-friday-deals-2019
romanian
I can’t think of any equivalent in any Romance languages
apparently some Balkan languages have versions as well
I always kinda associated it with yiddish but I had no idea other languages had similar things too
huh, that's super neat
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shm-reduplication#Origins_and_sociolinguistic_distribution
Apparently adding a sch- sound to the start of a word to make fun of a concept like when you say "rules shmules" is called shm-reduplication and exists in Yiddish, German, and Turkish as well
HAPPY THANKS GIVING OR WHATEVER YOU CELEBRATE WOOHOOOO
pshhh who even needs to spend time with other people
anyone doing anything fun?  c :
Happyy spending time with family and friends day
yayyy
wil do
get slep
angela pls
I just didn't feel like sleeping at 1 am, and/so I got carried away 😭
Staying up until 3 am doing crosswords was a bad idea
either way though its so much better than the steam one
but it is possible i'm misremembering how much it cost
i bought a prisma xbox controller at target for $30 like a month ago and it wasn't on sale
really? I'm seeing them for $40 which would be a solid $25 more
Cause they're only $30 at Target
Like if you're paying for shipping too you might as well pay $15 more for a actual Xbox or PS4 controller
Nah, I have one already and I really wouldn't recommend getting one
@Maxwell ?
if anyone's on the market for game controllers you can get steam controllers for $5(plus shipping) right now
oof
Oh god that's the worst
And now my day is ruined
But then I realized I was doing problems on pg 292 instead of pg 929
I was halfway through the math homework
Happy fibonacci day
probably someone I didn't know though
rip
jesus
oh really? I had no idea
there was one person in our grade who gave birth
I heard there might've been one of the seniors when we were freshmen but aside from that we didn't have any that I knew of
Uh huh
Bc that way I never got to truly experience the drama of it being somebody I know
I'm lowkey jealous at my old high school that the grade above me and the grade below me both had teen pregnancies but not my own grade
Same
the idea of people near my age getting married or even having kids sounds insane to me
jesus christ
18 year old high school senior
Bro yesterday my gf was telling me about this girl who was in her class two years ago gave birth on Monday lmao
. . . secondly, I'm in a dining commons at my uni, and I overheard a girl talking about her girlfriend who apparently has a husband, and that's hecking wild to me
in what ways has she advocated for social justice
first of all, how/why is ariana grande being thanked ((by bernie sanders)) for being an advocate
oh
chad
https://twitter.com/BernieSanders/status/1197256751126663169?s=20
amen
Break could not come sooner
oh yeah, I've heard of this before, and their ideas kind of inspired my conclusion
read about the sapir-whorf hypothesis @Peacheon
Wow, there's really a lot to write about here
So it makes it easier to think about some things and harder to think about others
Because some languages have ideas or concepts that others don't
Like when I write in Latin or start speaking in Spanish I notice that I say things I wouldn't in English
yes !!!!!
Yeah, you could go really deep and argue that language shapes how we even think and that our creativity is limited by language which is both our expression of it and the creation of it
with the positive and negative associations in our day-to-day lives
also, words like this kind of subconsciously warp/shape our understanding of the world and other people
lmao
Which is ironic because it's unfair
yeahh !
You could talk about that and then how the word fair kind of encapsulates that idea
Oh, that's a cool idea
while there are other words within the English language that are correlated with dark and ugly/evil
like how "fair" means light-skinned and also beautiful (and just)
Wait, like how exactly
But in latin
talk about the word "fair" and talk about racism in the English language
Memento also means to remeber
I could
oh !!!!!!
that's fair
It sounds less artificial imo
I like the word memento better
Souvenir just makes me think of tourist stuff and gift shops
in English it's an object that you collect that helps you remember
in French it means to remember
hmmm, how about the word "souvenir"
But you can be witless
You're never wistless
it is o:
Wistful is a nice word
That makes me think of the word wistful, ac tually
Why wish?
anyways, ~5 more mins: 
my favourites are still lovely/lovingly, engaged, (maybe cornobble??,) and wish
Deja vu would be fun
bc I'd want to do "déjà vu"
I wish I could do phrases
I was looking at French words and
You could try talking about words in other languages that English has kind of just absorbed
wish?
I want something with a personal tie/connection to myself
As like, how words mean different things or are pronounced differently when they are nouns vs verbs
but yeah, not as interesting
I'd write about how there are so many useless words in the English dictionary but not enough words to express how we feel, like in other languages
Which is not as interesting a topic imo
Also, the whole essay would be like, "haha, look, we have words for dumb funny things"
but idk what I'd even write about it
he'd enjoy reading it
Nick is a chill dude
hey
I mean, that was one of the first words that came to my mind, but like, do you really want to hand that in to a teacher?
cornobble
Or lilliputian
Like vorpal
Words that somebody just made up are kind of fun too
I could do season (in a year / with spices)
actually, I did nvm
I didn't either lmao
I'm going to choose one at 10:30 am
Woah
I didn't even know the other meaning
honestly, just throw out random words at me
this would be interesting too
that's fair
Although an advocate is just someone who advocates, so it's a bit different when compared with project
yeah
Like kind of the noun/verb thing?
advocate might be good
Engaged might be fun. Words that have multiple meanings are fun to think about
right now, I'm thinking of lovely/lovingly or engaged (in coversation/marriage)
yeah
Just one word?
it's going to be put in a lexicon that our teacher makes every semester/year
the essay is just anything involving/about the word
But idk if those are good words to write about
I've always liked funny sounding words like lollygag and nubbin
What is the essay about?
I feel like it'd be fun to do one of those noun/verbs that are pronounced differently (ex. project)
I have one in mind and can't think of anymore, but I feel like there are more words out there that may be more fun to write about
quick, what are some good words (that I can write an essay on) ?
neat
Ty
Yooooo
@Maxwell
https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/386031755754340352/643155241998483460/why.mp4
thanks, I hate it
just saw this
🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂
Guess it just thought you were a danger to yourself
Lmao nice
about an email i sent to myself
my gmail just gave me a phishing warning
No please keep going
stop

If you stick a gun in your eye, is that glockoma?
for stubble
scissors
they should make a version of like
I grow a neckbeard pretty fast, and is highly visible before anything else on my face so I've got to shave pretty frequently which sucks
that shit grows quick
I would have a beard if I stopped shaving for like a week
so it just be in that phase
because i never have enough time to grow it too much
my gf calls them vagina pubes
if you could even call them beards
^that is actually why i've grown beards multiple times
if i ever grow a beard it'll be because i was really lazy
Pssh there's nothing manly about growing a beard, any lazy chump can do that. Shaving on the other hand is a skillful activity that involves life threatening danger
This feels so surreal
"Being weak is a choice"
valid
(I didn’t actually take a picture of them with their smash tv that’s just from google
It’s as glorious as it sounds

These guys in my college really out here playing smash melee on a shrek tv
<:very_humorous:597587322812235777>
No problem
thank u max
There I said it
Normie
none of y'all can stop me
i'm saying the n word
that perfectly describes what I'm always feeling omg
I like “whhh” cause it’s like you’re so confused you don’t even know whether to ask why or what or who so you’re just giving up and suffering in your existential dread
azry whhh
wyd up
mikel omg
me
y’all have 33 seconds 😡😡😡
underaged boys only
rn
i want a kiss
that’s it
eureka
yeah
you could just as easily use the displacement method as well
and if we already have volume measurements there's no need to puree it
but when you talk about size you're talking about volume
that way it can take the shape of the brain for easy comparison
i was assuming we were basing it off if you could chop off a dick and mush it into a puree
like, the front is large but the other end stays the same
what if it grows but lopsided
I mean, yeah
except not so much on the φ
well since it's roughly cylindrical I feel that using (r, θ, φ) would make more sense
and all that
of length to girth
I was imagining that it retains its ratios
is the dick just a third ball
does it have a constant radius
all of them
is the dick big in the x,y or z direction
Huh
So 7.6-8.8x the average dick
Based on a Reddit comment the average dick volume is 170 cm^3

And the average brain is 1300 to 1500 cm^3
how big would a dick have to be to have a greater area than the average brain
ok but
it is not a sentence that I was expecting to see today
angela told me to send this

but I have never used it in my life
okay thanks
it's a name you dumbdubm
I don't know when I've ever used the word "Zakaria" in my life
Yeah, gotta find a group since housing applications go live December 2
also, @Bugcat, whaaat that's crazy
@Maktackle that seems . . . problematic to say the least
It’s crazy we’re already starting to think about next year housing
Time to find another roommate
sounds like he's a full on crackhead
crazy that he's doing the hard stuff
yikes
And it makes me a taaaaad uncomfortable knowing I’m sleeping a few feet from a drawer with a bag of cocaine in it
So my roommate does a lot of drugs
neat
ohh
I'm supposed to be Raven from Teen Titans
!!!
i have no idea what it is but you look nice!
I don't see it
also what heck
@Cemetables <333
It makes the running in the last picture extra scary and dramatic
I had the same shining thought lol
Ooh cool raven
peachy u look really pretty!!
I stand by the idea that the way the last photo was taken reminds me of this photo from the Shining

Danger why
danger i hate you
LMAO YOU FUCKER
I highly appreciate this👌 👌
oml
And if you hate it, you can kix my ass 😎

A cereal killer!
I’m...

no idea bc i don't use family sharing
don't think so
like in the past you could see what games person x was sharing to you with family sharing
is there a way to sort by family shared games?
question
but i like it
i've had the beta release enabled for a while so i've had it for a month or so
thoughts?
its like really different
guys steam just updated their library ui
disgusting
oh mine is "first year experience" and it's basically study skills and knowing about the different stuff going on on campus
f
f
lmao mine is 200
i actually have to go to mine in an hour
and you meet once a week theres like 20 kids total in mine
heres a topic youll probably otherwise not get introduced to otherwise. broaden your horizons
mine are like
oh whoa no thats not mine
the polisci guy was neat
and just have a different professor come in each week to talk about what they do
they throw the entire freshman year in one class
same @fizzy lifting drinks
theyre designated by college so bc im in humanities i had humanities seminars etc
mines on medieval book history
mines fun
it is shit
``same
my one-credit class is a mandatory freshman seminar
which are internships but you do more and get paid more essentially
my school has to essentially cram in classes because of co ops
wtf is this format

that's me
in the spring
er
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/635264043506073633/638796517016338455/Screenshot_20191029-134911_Chrome.jpg
this is me rn
aka meet one time a week
1-credit courses of mine rn are fundamentals of cs lab, discrete structures recitations, and leadership
Very light
Just like, an hour a week of class
I've never heard of that before
my schedule gets pretty scuffed because of co-ops though lmao
What does a 1 credit course consist of?
so 19 credit semester 1
currently i'm doing four 4-credit classes, and 3 1-credit classes
im taking three 3-credits, two 4-credits, and one 1-credits
I'm taking four 3-credit classes and two 1-credits
My standard is 3, but 4 if there's like a lab section or something
my standard course is 4
bc otherwise transferring would be hell
mine's the same
like most colleges a standard course is between 3-5 credits
the numbers are roughly the same
i think tho like
Ok, so then Joe's 19 credits might not be so extreme
it's dependent on the college (so the latter)
but colleges can decide how many credits you need to graduate + how many credits each class/activity is
like, does a credit in one college equal a credit in another college, because I was under the impression that that's not the case
idk what you mean by standard unit of work
uhhh bothhh?
wait, is a credit like a standard unit of work or does it change from college to college?
"what is wrong with you" --> me @ joe, always
what is wrong with you
next sem i'm doing 14 lol
wtf
Woo next semester I only have to do 17 credits instead of 19
ooo:
Ooh
https://store.steampowered.com/app/587860/Tales_of_Escape/
Nice
Lmao nice
This was an anti gay preacher at my campus giving up after he realized he wasn’t getting through to anyone
but yeah big yikes tammie
I mean it's mostly theory and stuff I'd imagine which would take a lot of writing
that doesn't sound right
wtf
Yeah, they didn't warn me before I picked math as my major that it's really just writing in disguise
hi
(( also, I just wanted to say: @echks and @LunarZeta, y'all are so valid ))
oh my god that's awful
And I have this man’s class for the next 6 weeks oh god
I don’t know how to feel about that, the problems just would not end
My math homework ended up being 6 pages filled with my handwriting
the best
free smiley

o dang that servers got some good emojis
mine is just a list of emojis from my most-used server lol

that's p accurate for you, I think
some more than others
does your most recently used emojis describe you as a person?
okay also
tfw you have all of the horror games blocked on Steam
there's a haunted house i could volunteer at but then i wouldnt get to wear the costume i made
i can't hang out with the friends i used to hang out with at halloween for reasons
I dont know what I'm gonna do for halloween 😦
That’s cute but I’m ugly
<:come_on_now:597587321805733920>
Thank you and have a good day
Hello just wanted to acknowledge the fact that I have an intense crush on everybody in this lobby as of current
oh, thanks
restart discord if you can't see it @Peacheon

and it should be that
click on where you change online offline do not disturb invis and all that
how? o:
custom discord statuses exist now and theyre cool
i'll ask him next time I see him
If he’s from ISPA, CG, CR, MAST, MH, or ISCHS I might have met him
What hs
ok randomly asking since there's this dude I've been talking to who's also went to hs in miami
And wow do you go to my school
Yes I’ve always gone to school miami
huh that's weird i got an alert for an armed robbery on my campus just a few hours ago
oh yeah random question but @Maktackle you went to hs in miami right
It's not in Massachusetts at least
it is not
N OMEGA
Between a shooting threat in the first month and at least 3 fire alarms, I’m wondering if this is normal
Wow there was an armed robbery on my campus
Thank uuu
ooooo:
I’m too shy to get one but they’re super cute and affordable
https://etsy.me/305nMmj !!!
I just gotta finish a math exam next week then I'm temporarily free to grind rdr2 when it comes out
Oof
Lucky, I've still got one next week and another in 3 weeks
Same
yeah i dont remember

also done with midterms 🙂
he forgot
Never forget what happened on the eve of your birthday, Bridger 🙂
happy birthday!!!
Happy b day!!
thank u
@LunarZeta happ birth !!!
I wake up at 6
Nice
for class or just bc you can't sleep?
I wake up at 5 sometimes
Tammie, why are you awake
Good morning
Fire alarm at hecking 4:50 am
I’m proud
Mak attack!!!
GGs 3rd place
And this place is 35 minutes away from my dorm
We’re in losers finals rn
It’s still going omg
The casters called me mak attack omg
good luck !!!
danger repping hong kong
good luck tho gamer
lost the first round <:MEGALUL:585625409685553173>
Ok now
I’ll try to post here when it shows my team plays
It’s just my coach fucking around for now
Don’t check rn
I open the stream and its some dude getting kicked for being afk
My teams FIU
Check out the stream later ❤️
we’re raising funds for team Latvia to go to blizzcon for overwatch World Cup
It’s gonna be broadcasted around 8 at https://m.twitch.tv/esportsfiu/profile
Hey so I’m playing in a LAN overwatch tournament tonight with my college team and we’re going against other college teams in Florida
whhhh
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EHAH1I1WwAQ7ryH.png
I think game freak has officially lost it
https://s3.gifyu.com/images/49536743a254a6e45.jpg
Aww they’re really cute!
New server icon:
They're running out of ideas while simultaneously getting more and more creative
Picross highlights bc what the heck
he was wearing it
yeah xD
Coincidentally, on that day, one of the staff members dropped a bunch of dishes/plates, and Frozone's friends were egging him on to help
Did he bring his super suit
Omg
It was amazing
We had Frozone in one of our dining halls a few days ago
Pog
Thank you for the much needed enthusiasm
My scholarship is no longer in danger
woohoo!
I passed all my classes, yay
Mood
I see
Life is sad and I can’t help but be pessimistic
No it’s sad
Dang that's rad!
A free 5k for travels
Also I get to travel for credit for free because of the traveling scholarship
nice
Also the financial aid I got is pretty lit
No school because I don’t want to remake friends
what school were you considering transferring to?
That's cool you made a close friend at least
The only reason I don’t want to transfer is I made a close friend
I wish I took more APs so I could graduate from this hell hole faster
<:gingerbreadsquid:548622266506936356>
Huh
once I finish my current math reasoning class
I believe my math credit's are pretty much good
Now that this chat has sufficiently been killed, time to do work
You should check your tracking sheet
Good thing my major isn’t that math focused so I only need 5, so I’m done after calc 4
AB calc gives 3 credits, BC 4, AP stats 1
For us it’s usually 5-7 math credits
uh i'm not sure
Wait do you just need one calc credit or something?
So?
already took ap calc
Don’t you need math credit though
I'm ready to avoid calc for the rest of my college career
rip
No joke first day of class I had no idea how to derive or integrate
You’re gonna be asking yourself what a derivative is
Bruh
(I'm gonna die in calc next semester I don't remember anything)
Dude I’m a constant and I’m deriving myself out of existence
would you look at that
oh hey, we also have a long weekend
Best of luck my dude
Oof
We’re not even doing derivatives anymore we’re on parametrics and polar coordinates and vectors
:(
Why
You just have to be deriven and you'll do great!
I have a calc exam in 3 hrs and I got no clue how to do anything
Pssh, not even a week
We just get one day off ;-; (this Monday actually)
I mean y'all also have Thanksgiving break
I should’ve just done design at a humanities school
I need some ms. Brooks in my life
we should
yes !!!
um, that's not true for Joe, Alex, or Talia bruh
Let’s bombard ms. Brooks
Dang Americans and their long vacations
ours start a week later thank yours
oh neat, you also have a month off !
If I’m reading this demonic schedule right

Mine is December 14-January14
I think mine Dec 19 - Jan 5
Welp, I guess we’ll never know
there's a spreadsheet somewhere of them
When’re your winter breaks?
Are you gonna be in Worcester or Boston?
I think
since y'all have an earlier winter break than me
Yeah definitely!
also I'll probably be able to chill with y'all a bit beforehand anyways
Ok, makes no difference
sorry you'll be imprisoned on sight
Am I invited?
Joe you should hang out with us in America over break instead of lame Texas
nice
And I’m lazy
But it needs to few t approved weeks advanced
I mean haven’t tried yet
Can’t find anything
since that's for losers
I'm just anti community service
that's fine
it's paid community work
oh wait
fair
I’m making bank at least
oof
Because work study requires like 12 hrs of paid community work
Lmao “chill”
wait why
Shit, forgot I gotta find community work to do
i'm just going to chill in texas during winter break
nice
Only cause I’ll probably have nothing else to do
I might visit during winter break
I'll probably never visit unless there's a group of people I know that are visiting
that you want to visit
unless you have people you care about
yeah that's an eh
Ehh
Should I even visit newton north this week
If they begin construction this year I’m screwed
Yeah but the problem is it’s right outside my dorm
who even needs parking amirite
On one of the only parking areas
Our uni wants to add a new building
since the university'll expand always
basically it's an issue that comes with any city that has a major university in it
Lmao imagine caring about the neighborhood
Oh
due to them being unable to afford it
which indirectly forces out poor people
basically improving the quality of a neighborhood
Gentrifying?
but people keep getting mad it's gentrifying the neighborhood
my school's issue is that it's using a bunch of funding
rip
-from an aerospace engineer
Imagine paying 70k tuition but not have enough funds for the aerospace department, one of the fastest growing department
I work with some seniors in the chemical stockroom and all they have to say is negative stuff
probably
hmmm
Say Joe, is it safe to claim a school is trying to mentally murder people
Ah
that's what neu stands for
yeah
You’re in north eastern right?
since in Boston bikes are literally the fastest means of transportation
I might eventually buy a bike
It was really weird and entertaining
And they were doing cool bike tricks
what a bunch of losers amirite
oh
And I mean like normal bikes
It’s funny because I was walking down the street and all of a sudden there’s a bunch of gangsters riding bikes
while I was there
I saw some in texas
so bike gangs are a thing
and huh
main reason I picked neu in the end was for that big city
There’s also bike gangs and people with rich cars
true
It’s not a big city that’s for sure
Ish
is it ruralish over there
fair
Eh, starts with a w too so I don’t blame you
I processed you as going to wentworth for some reason
It’s nice except you have to watch out for the shady parts
I see
oh
No, I’m in Worcester
oh yeah what're your surroundings like over there @Bugcat since your school's also in boston right
rip
D:
It’s only 3 classes but it’s so much
eww
I feel like I’m cramming everything into my tiny brain and it’s about to explode except no one else feels the same
Please rate my term b schedule
Idk why we do 1/3 credits and shit
i've been mostly chill tho
Since each co op takes like a semester worth of time
ah, yeah, that's fair I guess ??
Since neu has to cram credits so we graduate in 4 years while doing 2 co ops
I wanted to take their recommended amount first semester so I could see if I could handle college coursework, but you just dived head-first into shark-infested waters, my dude
I think it's the average amount a cs person has to do at least
he has no social life at all
It's alright
i know a guy taking 21
One of the two
Actually it might be 18
are you dying
wtf joe
I got 19 credits xd
what classes
so idk, maybe my classes are easy or my teachers have just taken mercy on us
yea thats normal
uhhh, min 12 credits.  recommended 15-16 credits, and I'm taking somewhere between that
nice !!
how many
I almost feel like my course load is too easy this semester, but I'm taking the recommended amount of credits so like idk ???
yeet
the other ones dont do tests
my only midterm was research methods
my other classes have like their own schedule (their own tests/quizzes and other turn-in assignments), but there hasn't been anything huge like a large paper yet
my only midterm is in my Stats class
yeah,
I mean,
only midterm what
I have my first and only midterm next week what heck
and why do they enjoy torturing students
what the heck is your school
Learning an entire course in 2 months w/ midterms and finals
That was also bad
Yes
or nah
does that mean y'all still have midterms
Huh
Term based rather than semester based
Mine were last week
^
i'm just about to reach midterms
surprised you're already on finals
you started like barely earlier than me
huh
August 22
when'd your school start?
oh dang
I have a one week break after today
I’m on my finals now
do you mean midterms or do you have finals already @Bugcat
Why are finals so fucking stressful
on mobile theyre mostly ads but ykw that makes sense
Free vpns have to make money somehow, and it's usually through selling your data or through malware
but anything heavier and dont bother with the free ones
if you only need light evasion/protection then some of the free ones can be fine
it depends on what you need it for
Yeah I don't think so
it’s not free right
I mean I think NordVPN is fine based on what i’ve heard but idk
I think the Opera browser comes installed with a free VPN but idk if I would trust it
Yeah, that sounds like it could be very bad
I would not trust any free vpn
Nordvpn is just advertised by all youtubers now
Oh my god
i keep hearing about nord vpn
For Mobile I have good experience with X-VPN
I’m gonna assume you mean free vpn
what is the best VPN (for desktop and/or mobile) ?
^^^^^^^^^^^^
really, the worst part of the picture is the fact that he's using arrow keys rather than WASD
If there's anything I've learned from the internet he better have egirl bath water in his water bottle
Fake gamer food smh
also I love that the kid just has a bunch of loose pretzels sitting on his desk
Is that what its supposed to be
Oh
it's a water bottle that looks like a minecraft torch
What is it
if I was 12 again I'd totally get this
What

https://smile.amazon.com/Zak-Designs-Minecraft-Torch-Shaped-Resistant/dp/B07VVHZMJ4/
only true gamers will buy this water bottle
That’s just what I assumed reading it in YouTube comments
Oh I never use ftw
Wat
@Maktackle ? o:
wait wait, have you just been saying ftw at very inappropriatetimes until now?
it doesn't even make sense as a sentence?
I can honestly say that I never thought that
but I learned over time that it very such so was not that
bc I used to think that at the time of rage comics
does make sense
that
Cause rage comics
But it made sense at the time when I heard it
win the for
Danger, I love you but
LOL
danger pls
I was today years old when I learned FTW stands for “For the win” not “Fuck the what”
But also like even if people do notice they probably don't remember it in like 2 minutes
Shhh
Why would they come to see my junk Robin
Literally wear whatever so long as people cant see your junk lmao
I have 8ams everyday next term, and what I usually do is wake up at 6-6:30 and leave for breakfast/coffee at 7
the simple solution is to just ignore that other people exist
probably a business major
I feel self conscious tho cause I just waked past somebody wearing a suit
that's fine
oh

Like to the dining hall and stuff
So Thursday-Sunday I’m permanently pajamanized
depends what you wear as pajamas
But all my classes are Monday-Wednesday or online
I don’t wear it to class
Ok what are yalls opinions on wearing pajamas everywhere on campus
If you have something at 12, and it takes you 30 minutes to get there, you'd better be already moving by 11:20
I've missed the first 10-15 minutes of so many movies because of them
also my family is so terrible about leaving on time so I feel like that's why I always plan to be early
it's called being fashionably early
that's such a weird concept to me
ten minutes early is on time @Peacheon
toe touches maybe
idk there's probably some stuff online
like what kind of stretches
how do you do stretches
maybe doing some stretches or something might help?
oh god I had that happen after my first day here it was the worst
a few times I've woken up in the middle up of the night bc my calf is cramping up
On a side note, 
my calves ache all the time bc of all the walking I do everywhere
I also make sure I'm ready to go way in advance with everything prepapred
I check how far a place is walking with Google maps and leave like 5 to 10 minutes early if its unfamiliar
noo
is the picross causing this
I actually didn't think of that thank you
you're smart
I think a more fruitful method though might not be tips for leaving earlier but analyzing why you end up leaving too late
also for morning classes i wake up 2 hours before because it takes me a good half hour to fully wake up
u get to pick where u want to sit and stuff
unless it's somewhere nearby and I know exactly how long it will take me to get there
being there early is a good thing
since 20 is as far as i need to go
yeah I try to get places around 10 minutes early
20 minutes?  wild
ah
how much earlier
yeah i always leave at least 20 min in advance
okay but how
hello it me
leave earlier
fix me
do we have any early birdies here?  bc I have a problem with being perpetually late and need help
uwu
I don't use owo's
>:c
hey !  who do you think i am
Why does Yoshi have his own owo?
Angela dictionary
https://mobile.twitter.com/SeitarouA/status/1178072253105414145
porn bot lol
a
clearly it's just a hot single in your are
i had lots of skype bot hos
looks big spam
This person just tried to add me as a friend with no mutual servers and no mutual friends 🤔
wtf
Posting this outside of my enslaved octopus off topic channel Bc u guys need to see shirtless JJoNak
https://www.reddit.com/r/Competitiveoverwatch/comments/da4ut2/jjonak_prepping_for_season_3/
withdrawl
I've been videogame-less for a whole month now
Finally got my computer up and running after the tsa took away my power cables
jeez us
💪 💪 💪 💪
kinda cheating but I'll concede defeat lol
but that includes family shared games
oh yeah @Instantramen_ i was told to flex by angela
I'm ready to grind this weekend once kulve siege returns
I was blessed enough to get the best kulve bow pretty early on
Hbg builds just all rely on kulve taroth weapons
F
Bow builds are super dumb bc they all run two or three bow-specific decos that are painfully rare
I agree
Cant wait to finish an endgame build and then have iceborne come in and invalidate it
yeet
And also on the topic of complicated endgame content I gotta say clearly the end game build arch tempered sets paired with augmentations and jewel farming is clearly top notch @echks
Pshh
They look fine unless you're joe
Literally the same
Are wow classic graphics improved at all, or are they literally the same as the original?
Yeah I feel like in most MMOs they only get really complicated when you get to end game content like raids
I mean even modern wow graphics are kinda ugly imo
And by wow I mean wow classic
Wow graphics just look too gross to me
ew imagine being forced to interact with other players
Until you get to raids, so I'm told
I've functionally never played wow but classic isn't exactly the most complex game ever made
If you're into mmorpgs, go for it
I played like the free trial of retail, so maybe a couple hours
*2004
retail wow sucks ass, classic is about as good as you can hope for when talking about a game made in 200r
Like would you recommend classic wow to someone who has never played wow?
How is wow as a game
listen, it's cool
Eww at subscription based stuff
i'm on a classic wow trip rn
Only good thing about drracket is that it takes images as inputs
correct, joe
And yeah only the schools that use drracket to teach do
yeah nobody except first year cs students at specific schools do
And clearly mhw is where it's at
I don't even know what drracket is
I'm at 132
Both me and Robin's schools have to do drracket year 1
Bruh
Also rip
LMAOOOO MOOD ROBIN
And you and robin both do that humblebundle thing smh
i see you're cultured
haha who would even own games they dont play
Alse else lack substance in comparison
And yeah Minecraft is the most important game
Oh nice
extremely valid
valid
@Instantramen_ and I think like 140 on steam, but most are from humble bundle and are things I've never played
Alright so @NotJoe we use java
Hi, sorry I didn't respond earlier I was doing homework
do any non-minecraft games really matter in the grand scheme of things
@Maxwell how many games u got
I agree
lul psych majors
There's definitely some overlap but they're different
Social psychology is its own subfield of psych
Ehhh not quite
sociology = social psychology, basically
And clearly an important question I have to ask @Maxwell is what programming language do yall at umass have to learn freshmen year
but that's be somewhat of an interdisciplinary thing
they might study the phenomenon insofar as like, demonstrating that consuming media has an affect on how you think
I see
like, a psychologist probably wouldn't be studying how specific media reinforces societal expectations for the roles of men and women
psychology is the study of human behavior on what is GENERALLY SPEAKING a more individual level whereas sociology tends to focus more on the way society as a whole acts, iirc
Also what's the difference between sociology and psychology again
I agree
🤔
maybe they didnt add it cuz u were meant to be comp sci major too
no, double-major
as in your changing majors?
so now I gotta apply for it
I thought my counselor person added the major for me, but she didn't :c
and wdym by "yet"
yea yeety
you're like a sociology major right
close enough
also heck I'm not actually a psych major yet
also, heck u
yeah !
i'm assuming it's tim's roommate
"this guy"?  lmao
never seen one in my life
they don't exist
amirite
like a psych major
who's even any other major
comp sci majors let's goo
you god damn comp sci majors
I think that way too many video games definitely meshes well with @Instantramen_
sup
nice
oh it's this guy
Hello max person
he also has way too many video games
he's a comp sci major, so he can nerd out/complain with y'all @Instantramen_ @NotJoe
actually, no, he bullies me >:c
i like to bully him
meet max
Hewwo
hi!

No I'm 1.075 smoot
so what you're saying is that you're 1.075 angelas
almost an angela
wtf is a smoot
o;
I appreciate a good smoot
smooty your booty
get your smoot on
🎺 🎺 🎺
pssh casual I'm 1.075 smoot tall
smoot smoot
excuse me
bc I'm almost a smoot tall
I just noticed this but @Peacheon why are you almost a smoot now
I love this
So blessed
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=SUioSzK6vPw
ahhh thanks
omg noooooooo @Peacheon feel better!!
Nice
I actually think the cold helps, bc I'm in a freezing room rn, and it feels normal
it hasn't been that bad, luckily
Maybe take some ibuprofen or something to help with the pain
:(
it's on my right pointer finger so it hurts to write c""":
so I think someone told me it might have been a wasp
that's good
And then use a brush to apply it to the sting
ok
umm, so, there's no stinger
Rinse some soap into it
but you're probably past that point
Mix it with lime juice
don't squeeze the stinger if it's still in your skin
my mom's cure to everything is to drink soup
Ok so you start with 3 milliliter of honey
heck, I'm not either
don't take my advice tho i'm not exactly medically informed
otherwise yea i think so
well, that's unfortunate
preferably by not getting stung
do you just wait it out
how do you treat this
rhyming
~~I already posted this in another chat but~~
happy birthday to me; I got stung by a bee
you?
uhhh, not really.  I mean, I signed up to do VR with friends in the college's library and I'm going to eat my mooncake to celebrate
H A P P Y B I R T H D A Y !!!!!
@Peacheon you got plans today??
you’re skeptical of everyone who isn’t you 💀
Cant believe a 19 year old old lady now
nO U
Happy birthday nerds
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BIRTHDAY TWIN @Peacheon
AWWW thanks guys
come visit me in canada for legal drinking
hapy birth ~~even though it's not your birthday yet here~~
Happy birthday!
happy birthday eyy @cynthia
~~ahhhHHh~~
happy birthday!!!!
@cynthia and @Peacheon :))
two big birthday girls today
never gotten into it but its always sounded really exciting
yay
i mightve found a dnd group at my campus
obama style
so he's cool sorry
psy also sang a song about killing american soldiers
That's what a bottom would say
its a good song
Is this what society
The campus kitchen is unironically blaring Gangnam style
yes
my feelings
:'(
meanwhile, echks doesnt exist
I think it's Joe's theory :P  but thanks danger and alex
maybe he has a dark, mysterious secret which prevents him from sitting next to anyone he has recently talked to so he always has the choice of either talking to them and then walking away or sitting next to them but staying completely silent the whole way through
maybe he wanted to try meeting new people
that seems normal
*you
maybe he wanted to sit by someone else but didnt want to completely ignore tou
so maybe the doppeldanger is me
their new social brain helps them be socially dumb FASTER
and then instead of just being socially dumb
and their social brain grows
until theyre in social situations a lot
they do dumb things
some people are socially dumb
they know what to do right away
some people are socially smart
sorry, this is so silly, but like I'm v confused
so like ok doppeldanger
this is so silly, but idk what kind of game he's playing?  he walks over to me in class to say hi to me and ask about my day (backpack on and all), and then he sits down somewhere else (he doesn't have any close friends in this class) ??
Yeah they’re super cute
Ehh, lil thing was probably just clueless where he was, most bats can be docile lil things...
smh that's how you get bitten and contract a disease

There was a bat on the first week of school as well and someone tried feeding it icecream
wtf
Shhohaaggfddddd it’s so fuzzy

Always a bat in my dorm
what's the most interdisciplinary science major
some schools are stiglers about changing majors
yeah
not necessarily, it depends on the school
is going undeclared a bad idea
so I might do those
there's summer semesters as options
probably
so you'd have to like cram courses into that other semester to make up for the lost time then if you wanted to do 4 years I'd imagine
yeah
because don't they take up like a semester?
co op schedules vary greatly
idk yet
are you gonna do summer co-op?
and if I tryhard I can barely graduate in 4 years for 3 co ops I think
and I graduate in 4 years for 2 co ops
yeah 2 is standard
for me I think I get 2-3 co ops
how many co ops
nice
I'm gonna do a 5 year degree tho so I can get that co op in
at least a lot of things
I probably need a masters in Soc/Psych if I want to do anything
but I want to pursue that MBA one day
probably for me since i'm cs
hahahah not me
nice
bachelor degree life yehaw
which is why it's harder to apply with some majors than others
all I know about med school is it sounds like a massive pain since you need like 8-10 years to actually become a doctor
no, I'm saying that this is the case
idk
maybe
oh
yeah, you can apply with any major, but it may be harder depending on the requirements you need for your major (bc there are required classes you need to take for med school, and they don't really overlap)
oh I think she misread that as you chose med school, to avoid [something] like the plague
which is why i'm saying I  avoided the med school path at all costs
since I don't ever want to do med school
and that's why i'm doing cs
yes
yrd

I think any major can apply for med school right
but you can really do anything i guess
it could be
uhhh, I can't imagine it being one ?
?
cs is med school path?
well yeah they want to make sure you're interested in humans that's the whole point of being a doctor
med school path was what I chose to avoid like the plague
maybe I got no idea
ok but I read a bunch of articles and they talked about humanities majors had the highest acceptance rate for med school
honestly
basically don't apply for anything science
you're pre-med though iirc
pro tip apply arts
..
and pre-med
there's also don't apply for engineering
hey hey hey
don't apply cs 4head
aka the pro tip to get into most schools
but it doesn't mean everything else won't be competitive
but also don't apply for cs
oh
your legs
how tf do I get in
ez choice
clearly you gotta come to neu so I can bully you
west coast best coast amirite
huhuhuhu
the east coast is a mystery to me
Honestly I either want to stay here or go to california
what relevant university is in oregon
I'd never move to the south tho
is it though
loooollll
hey oregon is nice
I got rid of all the places I considered nowhere like Oregon, Carolina, Virginia, etc.
like that was honestly how I narrowed down my university choices
I know 1 person from there
yeah ikr
but it's in carolinaaaa
they have a really good pharm and medprogram
idk
maybe that's what I was thinking of
hm
oh wait
who cares about north carolina
chapel hill
north carolina?
north carolina
no
oof
wait
yea
that's north chapel?
unc has the oct 15 deadline too
yea
which was absurd
they had an october deadline
also Georgia Tech early action deadline sucksssss
well I started ubc a bit earlier and I did a draft of my common app that ended up being terrible so I had to scrap it
then did ones for later dates afterwards
did ones due earliest first
I did mine in spurts
I did all my apps over winter break
lmao no
Did you guys work on apps every day
or something about people on the subreddit saying unwaitlisting chances were decent
I swear you mentioned that to me
I did meet another guy who was in the same shoes as me tho
huh
I don't think that info is available for ubc
I think ubc had a decent unwaitlisting rate right
and mainly because schools I was waitlisted for had an incredibly low unwaitlisting rate
I wasn't that let down by any of the schools I got rejected from but getting waitlisted at ubc was kinda a punch in the gut
and being disappointed
since I'm not a fan of banking on that tiny chance
personally I chose the path to give up on waitlisted schools
Someone got rejected from USC last year but he appealed and now he’s attending lol
huh
if you get waitlisted from your top (realistic) choice then you should have your guidance councilor or yourself send them an email saying that you're actually gonna attend if they accept you
damn
schools
yeah
you applied cs for all school?
unless you're passionate
don't apply cs
meanwhile I got accepted to UCSD but for the wrong major
If you got waitlisted/rejected how do I stand a chance
how
but I just considered it a rejection pretty much
actually I think I got waitlisted from UCI too
got rejected from Rice Uni, Brown Uni, Pseudo Waitlisted from UT Austin, L from UCLA and UCB and UCI
you guys have amazing scores/grades
how did y’all take Ls
gosh  joe how did u get into any school you have to hit the sky to land on the moon smh
I mean seeing people with pretty amazing grades get rejected from top schools makes me worried
so I got all the Ls
and if you miss you land on the moon or whatever
I went the shoot for the sky mentality
rip
I got into all my schools except NE/NW with 3.82 /4  and  4.65  /5 but I didn't apply to any ivies or anything
no it isn’t
that ain't too bad
also is UW your hard dream school
I think it’s 46% acceptance rate?
idrk
so no use worrying
unless you're looking to do cs UW isn't that hard to get into, is it?
only thing you can do at this point is just write some good essays
rip
I’m genuinely so worried
or something
I think I had like a 4.85/5
O
*sigh*
I think I had the grades for UBC but my essays were kinda weak so I got waitlisted, I think the only reason I got in is because my guidance counselor emailed them and was like "hey if u accept this guy he's gonna actually go"
on a 5 scale
my school does weighted gpa
closeish
wait are/were you 4.0😭
schools see your gpa is at their average and be like "aight you're good enough for us to at least take more than a second to look at you"
gpa's like the starting line
if gpa matching meant safety I'd be in a top ranked school lmao
danger no -- i swear he's looks so similar to you in person @Maktackle
if gpa matching meant safety I would apply to a lot more schools
she was flexing on us so hard
for womens day or something
I think it was one of the ladies who came in
wtf
yeah that's actually insane
"uh yes hello my gpa meets that school requirements so it's pretty much safety"
I'm never forgetting that one moment in my life where I heard that
AND SHE GOT IN lmaoo
AND SAID I APPLIED TO MIT BECAUSE MY FRIENDS DID
ROBIN THAT REMINDS ME OF A LADY THAT CAME TO TALK ONE TIME
OH MY GOd
and cheekbones a little bit
He has your glasses
he has your nose
but im happy angela made a friend
lol i dont really see the resemblance
I want the uwu's
please do
Y’all wanna counsel me
I hardly have faith in myself to get into uw
absolutely not
"uh yeah mit is my safety"
applying to every ivy will be a complete waste of my time
lol
no
I KNOW stop
just apply to every ivy 4head
the time is rapidly coming upon you
rip
not really
so you've finalized list of schools you're applying to?
rip
I’m donezo
or are you donezo
oh yeah and @cynthia are you doing any more college visits
clearly I gotta apply to umass to see this irl
and clearly I gotta go over to umass to visit one day
I believe
he gotta
AWWWWW
clearly danger has to travel all the way to UMASS to compare
Also, his name is Arnav (5 letters like Danger's name)
he looks like a soccer player to me tho
rip
I don't think he does tho
yeah, I can see that
this is the type of dude I can imagine playing a fuck ton of soccer
like, pics don't really do him justice
nononon, but you have to see him in person
his mannerisms look pretty different
yeah
first impression was that he looked so similar to danger, but now they're become distinct in my mind bc they're so different
I wouldn't see the resemblance that fast if you didn't point it out tho
he's a more buff danger
kind of like danger
oh
like

I don't know what you're talking about cynthia
uhhh
clearly you gotta talk to him and ask what are the numbers for his 3 big lifts
and joe I am not a monster
SHOW PICS
like serious muscle
he's not like super duper buff, but there's muscle there
wow having arms
like *arms*
he does have arms
otherwise he probably lifts
if he's skinny i'm guessing he's a runner
i just know that he goes to the gym
idk what he does
else he's dead to me
oml joe
he better not be a runner though
also heck my discord messages keep just loading all at once, so sorry if I'm slow to respond
but work outs lets gooo
eww at the debate
so personality-wise not really like you i guess
instead he does debate and works out for fun
worst thing I've ever heard
smh
also, I got the pics
also, I just remembered -- he's not quite you bc he's not a gamer
yeahh
did u meet him at his dorm just bc you thought it would be awkward to change the location
omg friend
the usual
oh yeah, we talked about so many things, from culture to food to how god wasn't real
i figured that if anything went horribly wrong, i would just run out of there
it was his dorm ahh
^
i assume not his dorm
also where did u guys meet up in the end
wtf
thatd be awkward
did you show him pics of me lol
I didn't want to ask him for a pic
yeah
unless asking first lol
It was weird
that's creepy tho
ahh unfortunately no
oh ye u said ud get a picture
Angela do you have a picture of him!
Omg lol
wait im getting a pic
you know who someone told me i look like
but nah, I told him that he looked like one of my internet friends
that would be so funny
you're the doppelganger of someone he knows
what if!
what if
its me, cynthia
doppeldanger -- so doppelganger of danger
hahaha
after that I was more comfortable talking to him, and omg he's v intelligent and interesting to talk to
doppelgänger of who
Omg what
I eventually was like, hey bro im not comfortable with that and need my personal space (bc he kept inching closer too), and he gave me that so that was good
omgggg
he kept trying to get closer, and I feel like he tried every trick in the book -- 1) told me that I had pretty hands and then picked them up to touch them, 2) asked me for my height and had us compare (so that we were face to face) so like, yeah
but oh my god im being hit on
Really cool person (totally made me change ny mind about econ -- it's p cool)
I met doppeldanger today
Okay so
Ah I see
yea we had to take bio for our requirements @Bugcat
Yeah, though I had a few specific blocks fill up which is how I ended up with my early morning labs
That's lucky since you got an early time
We had registration times staggered and I had an earlier time so I was able to snag everything I needed thankfully
At that sucks :/
It was insane, I ended up just taking chemistry courses
I was only able to access the internet 3 hours after the opening time for course registration and all my bio classes got full
We had course registration over the summer too
Damn
Yeah we picked our courses for the whole year online over the summer
I shouldn't have picked an 8am lab but it's not bad since it's just doing stuff
You already know what your 2nd semester looks like?
Second semester it's all 11 for me yeet haw
Heck
I have 11 am every day except 2x a week 9:30 am 3 hour lab
3hour long classes sound like a force
Does biodiversity relate to your major
Study of human behavior
Yea
That's like brain stuff right?
Oh psych
Someone told me not to switch out of biotech because apparently it's the easiest major
Psych
Are you a biomajor
Gdi
Fuck biodiversity
But as soon as she starts talking I fall asleep
dude i had an 8am one semester that was 3 hours
It's a lab so it's not that bad
oh
8am chem lab that is 2 hours long
You fool
8 am classes
I have 8am labs twice a week and an 11am class everyday
Clearly the early bird gets the worm
Psh
Lucky
I see
bc i rarely leave my dorm befor 12
i on the other hand, haven't gotten to experience the breakfast at my dining hall
huh
which helps me avoid any lines
I eat way earlier than pretty much everyone
imagine actually eating at the dining hall with people
smh
yw
stop being alone
so
like ill just swipe for them
and i just use it to eat with friends
joe im in a similarish situation where i have 9 a week but usually only use 7 or 8
🤔
just take the last two and give them to a homeless dude
Mail me your extra food
leading to me using like 10 a week
but can barely finish them since I usually buy yogurt to eat for breakfast, and don't really eat at the dining hall on weekends
i'm given like 12 meal swipes a week
and yeah
Ah gotcha
he's paying money for meals that he can't use up in a week
Idk what that means
also i'm dyinggg since I'm having so much trouble just finishing using my meal swipes in each week
I see
I have been playing entirely too much mine sweeper and picross though
Not yet
I think I can get new cables for like 60$ tho
have you ordered new parts yet
rip
Idk all I know is that I don't have them
or is it just lost in your room
did you lose it on the plane
depending
that CPU might be pricey to replace
oh dang
I somehow lost the CPU and GPU power cables in the move
did a part break during delivery
big oof
I haven't been gaming because my PC don't work :(
I'm planning to try and go to game dev club once a week, powerlifting team 3 times a week if I get in, maybe Competitive Programming club, and, and maybe one more
i usually tell people to hold off on them for a semester unless they're mad confident
if you're already having trouble i probably wouldn't jump into extracurriculars
yeah extracurriculars are getting ready to hit me hard
rip
I also haven't been gaming bc I'm already having a difficult time balancing school, friends, and sleep ahh.  idk if I can add in extracurriculars yet, but I'm working on it
midterms??  that's crazy
I'm just never in the zone for gaming
with either doing homework, walking around, training, clubs, or hanging out with people
I haven't really been gaming lately since I just haven't been able to get in the mood
oh dang
The courses are so fast here, we're already in midterms and you alex hasn't even been in his dorm yet like 😢
Ever since college I haven’t had time to game
dont worry he's just staring at dvas ass
i woudlnt do that
*squints at* ***Maktackle: Playing Overwatch***
except for me
we are all gamer
What a sham
alex has a single too, somehow
~~I've got a single dorm ya yeet~~
the suite stuff at ours is two bathrooms per suite so 2 people per bathroom
I haven't been in my dorm yet, but I've heard that it's supposed to be the quiet, less social one where sophomores go after being fed up with the crazier places
Imagine having to share one sink with four people that'd be a nightmare
two sinks that's pretty niceeee
one small common room with two sinks and one bathroom
we have two bedrooms for four people and
and for first years
in my dorm which is the cheapest one
oh
oh that's good
yeah, our dorm building is so chill
^^^^^^^^^^
which is to say that angela and mines building is really nice and we lucked out whereas on the other side of campus its party central
probably the most critical factor is the culture of your environment as opposed to the physical environment itself
honestly tho i think the shared double room is simple but fine
amen
just for that
god i wish i had my own bathroom tho i might shell out for an apartment next year
there are upperclassman-only areas that are apartments on campus but theyre $$$ so people who want apartments usually get off campus ones
yea i have a single for health too
but its probably less for people down the hall who are triple bunked
like my friend has a single dorm because she has health problems so i think shes not charged extra but other people who do get singles are
oh yeah dorms vary greatly by which building youre in and also how much youre willing to pay
I realized that I've talked to doppeldanger for a totally of like 5-10 mins, and today was our first time talking.  I didn't really think about that until now
so idk it's kind of a wildcard tbh
dorms are either singles, doubles, triples, quads, or suites
I'm sharing a double with Fin ("today's date is:")
I'm hoping I make enough friends to be able to do that with them next year
less private tho
yeye
that's p nice
oh, like a suite
@Peacheon
our dorms are split up into groups of four people who have individual small rooms and a shared common area
maybe he thinks you think something else
uhhhh, idk what you mean by solitary either
Wdym by solitary
how do the ones at your school work @Peacheon
idk the dorms at my school arent super solitary in the way others sometimes are
mostly because i never invite anyone over but like
oh yea fuck no i'd never do it
like I probably would hesitate to invite a girl I just met to my dorm alone
there's that
yeah
but i present male 99% of the time around randoms so i'm probably fine
doesn't mean it's a great idea
like eating dinner together
i've done it
especially when they don't want to be in an area with other people
eeh going to a person who you just met's dorm alone sounds suspect to me
going to someone's dorm is fine but if it makes you uncomfortable then dont
yeah, just be safe
plus if he's a decent dude I'm sure if you bring it up he'd understand
idk asking someone to meet alone in a dorm is pretty dodgey if it's the first thing
also dorm rooms are kinda boring to hang out in generally, walking around is way more fun
yeah honestly I would probably ask if y'all can hang somewhere else bc I probably wouldn't be going to someone I literally just met's room alone even if it might just be an awkward misunderstanding
you could ask him if he wants to just get dinner
that does sound a bit odd that he would invite you directly to his dorm
yeah go for it
ok ill dm u context
so brb for like 30 min or so
but I'll drop some advice after dinner
oooh, I can help
without making it seem that im asking her OUT
that im tryna ask this girl to hang out with me
i have an issue that i feel like is the complete opposite of your problem in a way
yeah idk -- I wouldn't think much of it if he didn't also not want to have dinner with my friends but asked me if I could hang out after
maybe if you dont wanna go to his dorm be like "hey its a long walk for me can we meet halfway at "this place" instead"
but
it doesnt necessarily mean he has weird intentions, maybe hes just too awkward to realize its kinda uncomfortable
yeah idk, I kind of already agreed to it bc i dumb, so I'd feel awkward telling him that I change my mind
like maybe even the dorm lounge room, which there should be in his building
mayyybe suggest meeting somewhere more public
honestly thats a little bit off for when youre just meeting somebody (i wouldnt do that with any of the girl friends ive made at my school)
ooh
Okay, but in all seriousness, he invited me to his dorm, so I'm not sure if I should be worried or nah, or if I'm making a bigger deal out of this than it is
i once actually asked a stranger to take a selfie on my phone bc she looked like my gfs sister
if youre ever close enough to him to the point where its not awkward to take a picture of them and show me then pls do so
this guys about to be my best friend
omg yes
yes absolutely i will
don't tell him that he looks like danger, just only talk about danger for seemingly no reason
you? awkward? im stunned
but I might mention Danger maybe(?)
xD  i don't think i can
just memorize a bunch of dinosaur facts
probably talk to me about dinosaur facts
talk exclusively about real danger
so idk what we'd even talk about
the only problem I think is that he wants to hang out alone, and I'm like super duper awkward
awh, doppelganger danger really wants to hang out
I guess
It depends on what the school's policies are
@Maktackle also, if you were your clone, what would you want someone to ask/talk to you about?
is it against the rules though
Also, they should just lowkey report the sororities to the school for doing that bc that seems hella toxic
idk I've seen some frats that seem the same way
like everyone seems really nice
our sororities seem p chill
good lord
also pshh sororities are pretty much the same level of bad imo
(those are just the negative things ive heard about them, if what you know about sororities seems like you'd enjoy them, then go for it!)
ew
so youre always buying expensive clothes
the sororities will make the girls wear matching clothes to events all the time
also apparently theyre more expensive than the frats bc
fined
you get finede
if you dont go the meetings
in the sororities here
that's probably correct
yes, but idk they just don't seem as bad
aren't those just girl frats
idk how i feel about sororities tho
wow, how prejudiced
i don't think i could date anyone in a frat
god no
Clearly alex has to join a frat
improv cool
do improv !  then have one of your buddies record/livestream the shows so I can watch 😙
Idk I just think I see canada as a whole another world
we're going to be in the same time zone
yeah, Robin is all the way west coast
I'm literally a 10min walk from the beach
What do you mean I'm kinda West coast
there'd only be some cracking noises clearly
pshh
Joe I would actually die
Become a football player c'mon
not that
nononononon
Clearly you gotta join an intramural sports team
like a gaming club or an improv club maybe
but something might be interesting
I have no idea
Any idea what clubs you're into yet
Nice
So I think I'm going to give myself a hellish schedule and then see what I want to drop
I can drop courses up to the last day of instruction
so I'm going to try just taking a bunch of sophomore classes second quarter and see how it goes
and then I'll actually count as a sophomore starting second quarter thanks to AP credits
but I'm going to try and join clubs and stuff so having less courses early on will be nice
which I think will be a light load
I'm taking 18 credits which is 4 classes
that's around 3 classes
or around that
I think to graduate you need at least 12 credits a quarter
so, I have a quarter system
For you
How many credits is a semester
Nice
so I get out of classes at 10:50
on wednesday I only have 1 class
I have at max 3 classes in a day
oof
4
how many classes did you have today?
Which is approx 2 hoursish
Every other day I only have 1 to 2 classed
No lunch break
Classes start 9ish and end almost 3
Today and yesterday my schedule is kinda trash
Depends
when do you usually get out of your last class by?
Clearly
Yes
all my math classes are in the same room
I found my schedule yesterday
I thought you meant you were done with math forever
I'm dumb
nevermind
oh wait
really?
my days over wooo
idk I haven't looked at the calendar
and finally math is done for me
and 3 more sometime else
and 3 weeks for winter break
I have like a week off for thanksgiving
they do somewhat
rip
yeah
oh
your*
assuming you're vacations are going to barely overlap with ours
actually, I have fine vacations
yeah
rip your vacations alex
def Robin
jesus
my cali friend literally finished her finals for the summer term like a week ago
and kinda Robin
and I move in the 21st
only Alex
you west coast fuckers
he's going to californian school
my classes start the 26th
are you californian
oof
wtf how
yeah
like just random stuff
oh wait has your school not started yet
idk, miscellaneous things
there's more
there's like pizza, and salads, and burgers and stuff
I only saw one though
ok but is it just in n out
they're ok
there's dining halls
Lmao
I was there for orientation
does ucsb having dining halls or is it just a whataburger and a jollibee
actually that's a lie
idk yet
no pillows no quills
hell yeah bby 5 dining halls gourmet realness
Also Alex I'd like to ask you what're your dining halls like
uMaSs #1 DiNinG iN tHe CoUnTrY
but I think the subject is interesting
econ majors sound like they'd be like that yeah
quote, "the food here is intensely mediocre"
Begoneeeeeee
Pshhh
like, it doesn't even mean anything
joe hey whats it like having dining food that is mediocre at best
every econ major i've ever met is a libertarian
math is cool and there's so much of it that is purely theoretical and that's cool
Econ majors have potential
correct
If sometimes tells me they're a math major my first instinct is that they're a nerd
grones has rights
nono debate people *can* be good
> liking econ
> eating cereal
no way
Also yeah econ > math
Oh disgusting he does debate
econ > math, any day
big disagree
but math is cooler
some of it
econ is cool
yea
ew econ
angela eats cereal in a cup, milk first and the milk is warm
Also, he's an econ major, which is cool but also like lol no
hard disagree
disagree
what no
I agree
what no
milk first is correct tho
he also didn't judge me for saying that you could drink pizza and that you put milk in before cereal
my icebreaker is asking if you put butter on waffles
so he's p chill
hey, debate is pretty cool
and he just rolled with it
My icebreakers were if you could drink pizza and if you put milk or cereal first
that's true
at least danger is cool
~~so he's a tryhard like danger~~
oh no
he does debate
nice!
so, he added me on SC after class yea yeety
Also this guy is actually me because we’re both hated with a burning passion
What would you even say
F
but he's right next to me, so I can't text about him rn ripperoni
welp, I did it
but this guy is crazy
also, like, you have to understand -- I walk p fast
he doesn't even know me
; u ;
Maybe he's running away from you
gosh darn his long legs
I just want to talk to him, but he just wooshes out of my sight
Why does he walk so gosh darn fast
I hate Danger's doppelganger with a burning passion
oh boy
what
Yes this is real
https://store.steampowered.com/app/1121910/I_Love_You_Colonel_Sanders_A_Finger_Lickin_Good_Dating_Simulator/
😎
its like the og
yeah but I followed the development for 1.5 years before it released
its 3 years older than trove
its like 7 years old
yeah, but it's what it makes me think of and the fact that it's an RPG doesn't help make it distinct
not every thing voxel is minecraft
this looks like worse minecraft
Inb4 another delay
Are they really though
my dreams are finally reality
yes joe
Are you really though
https://twitter.com/wol_lay/status/1170054041721815040
I'm finally gonna be able to buy cube world
after like 8 years of waiting
y'all
truth
Me
Azry dm mr
correct
is it jus me or is maktackle one hot fuckin guy
literally my whole life I've just kinda kept pulling and praying until it worked or I gave up
you have to like pull the string left or right
after nearly 19 years of life on this earth I have finally figured out how to make window blinds stay up
for somebody whos not comfortable with that its nbd
but like
with a sort of "just dont get caught" philosophy
a lot of people i know dont really have a problem with doing it
That's very creepy and sus
And yeah
ok thats fine
it's a little creepy and sus
uhhh idk if I can my dude
shut up robin it's important
sneaky
Of some random guy in her class??
you probably would have noticed
but then i realized i would probably know if we were in the same uni
i just thought "wait what if it actually WAS me"
take a pic and show me
omg
like really crazy
same glasses shape
he's v tall
I legit thought it was him for a second
I saw someone in my class today who looked **exactly** like Danger
oh ew
I've been spoiled by c
even though it looks way better
so like I can't do 

```(foo bar
     bar
)```
also their style requirements means you have to put closing brackets on the same line as the code ends
Ah
it's through edX
it's mostly just our prof (or a prof? going through the code and explaining how it works and stuff
kinda not exactly
I'm curious if we have the same stuff to do
Do you also got an online textbook to read
valid
At least it's not scratch
Think of it like this
Pshh
it just aint right
I really hate that the parenthesis is before the function
Nice
yeah
Mines drracket
Lmaooo
Sameeeee
racket
@Instantramen_ what language
Same
in the language we're using for my cs class you can just copy paste images into the code and use them as objects and that's so wild
Sounds accurate
Angela knows NOTHING. She's a liar and a cheat, she still hasn't apologized for cheating me out of my XXL Jumbo Shrimp costume circa 2012 and outbid me in the auction house for it. She knew how much I loved shrimp and also being an aquatic parasite and she still took the XXL Jumbo Shrimp costume circa 2012 and then paraded around in it winning not only the principals respect but also the city's
But only Angela knows these things
Yeah I just pretended I knew that so I wouldn’t seem like a jerk if you knew that
We’re birthday buddies? Woah
happy being old
and one is my best friend and the other is my fav high school teacher
I can’t believe I know 4 people with my birthday
woot woot I love my birthday buddy
🎉
Vote
feliz borth
yes
adults
we knew you could do it
congrats on joining the army
happ birth yeet haw @Maktackle @Bugcat
looks pretty good to me
How about rigor-wise
depends how well  you do
r/chanceme
@ college kiddos what do you do you think about my senior year sched

Police are looking for him and fbi were notified
He actually didn’t get arrested??
Update
ummm that's wild
gotta love shooter threats
Also apparently some kid at my college got arrested for a shooting threat today
Amare Stoudemire
I have an NBA player in one of my classes
Holy shit
same
me too
^
can confirm, have awful back
Does that mean that LGBT+ peoples have scoliosis
yes
I saw the "back is so straight" part, and my mind finished it with ". . . like his sexuality" for Joe
you mean this isn't the ideal way to walk
I am concerned
if this is how joe walks



me playing monster hunter
accurate

yes
peak human performance wtf

but it's true
you may not like it
this is peak human performance
why
this is just
yes

oh
also this

guessing they did early arrival
oh
she's moving in tomorrow
O
smith hall
31st
she's asking
when are you moving in
huh
yes
joe
who is chad
what's a chad
what is this jargon
I also go to the gym
Angela might remember me making that statement at some point
I said that some point a year ago probably
The long time goal has been to be a chad
a year ago i don't recall this
??? has this been a long time goal of yours
To flex on other cs majors
Gotta get jacked
he's horrible
why do you love the gym
LMAOOO
Unless they go to the gym
Pshh on never seeing that person probably
Oh marketing
LMAOO
I WAS GONNA GUESS CS
Cs
hiiiiiiii angela
@NotJoe what's your major
whhh ?
she's majoring in marketing
o she's leaving tonight
31st
wait when does your school start lol she's still in washington
let me ask
I have no idea
@cynthia
They
What major are rhey
@NotJoe if you ever meet someone named Yutong from Washington, make sure to tell me + take pics!!
hahah
I'm used to like one on each side
Yeah there's so many lanes
West coast streets are big ?
The 1st I think
robin when do your classes start?
I'm ready to become an utter gymbro fuccboi in college
Also my campus has a lot of nature which is great
West coast streets are so big
I'm moving in rn it's wild
ahhhhh y’all excited?
less than a week for a lot of us
Senior sznnnnn
school starts in a week and four days
oh no thats a barstool sports logo
Nice
Like plays football and ps4 2k and lots of weed and beer
Super super straight guy
What is your roommate like?
lmao
as they say gals before pals
today’s a Saturday and my roommate just went out with his gf instead of spending it with the boys ??? wtffff

o:
nice
A gamer chair
This is me in my natural habitat

Lots of classes were full so I’ll admit almost none of those were my first choice
first year experience, social choices (forgot the rest of the name, some math requirement), personal adjustment (psych course), theater appreciation, and intro to acting
Dang that's wack
That sounds super nice
what classes did u get
nice
In the end I made Cuban gay friend and we had adventures looking for lost stuff and eating Chinese food
Can't believe this is how danger dies
It’s raining
No
ask someone
danger pls
I don’t even know where my dorm is but I’m just gonna walk until I find it
This place is nuts
Omg I just picked my classes
>yes
> test
oh yeah I imagine
By wild I meant specifically the move in part, lots of people with lots of stuff
Thanks
Blazing hot and a majority of orientation was outside
also congrats on moving!
what happened?
Move in day was wild
such as crayons
they have insane products
u know
louis vuitton is highquality
I would too
I would leave this discord
I don't think I could live with myself if I bought anything from Louis Vuitton
ummm heck no
angela back to school shopping louis vuitton?
1k???
wtf
I think I just died a little bit on the inside looking at that price tag
https://us.louisvuitton.com/eng-us/products/colored-pencils-pouch-monogram-nvprod1470004v
what the
anjanath is baby time
i'm ready to get slaughtered once I have to fight an anjanath
yep
good game @NotJoe
I see
It's Lunar. . . .
what is a bridger milkshake
And were you okay?
Why did you have to test if you were lactose intolerant?
um what
Yay for small victories
i can still drink bridger milkshakes
oh yeah not lactose intolerant btw
🥛 😩
don't die
Good luck!!
Good luck my dude!
Oh yikes
To see if I’m possibly lactose intolerant
Breathing into a bag every 30 mins
I have to sit in a hospital for three hours
Hello peoples
<3
Sorry, just the pic of your glasses loaded first, and then everything else loaded
@Cemetables
Cute !!!
what is that reaction
okay lol
u made me think of karen from dogelore
karen
ye
this

nah karens have like
u look like karen
can i speak to your MANAGER
hi karen
i got glasses because i’m blind even with contacts
I got out in May so like my school goes back early. Also it’s august so that means death in florida so they tend to send kids back in august
die
I start in 2
i start in one week
wtf school already started for you what
it’s boring ):
lmao nerd
first day of school lol
yes
You could also get some injury causing paralysis and you're just frozen forever
Landing on an alien planet
floating in the void in 4 millenia
As an immortal wouldn’t you be forever burning and suffocating once the earth dies
I'll die with the earth
dang, I want to be immortal now, just so I can witness all of this
(( reminded me of you; you might enjoy this @Mito ))
idk about the validity of anything on here, but it's super cool to look through anyways
Coolest thing I've seen all day
https://www.reddit.com/r/coolguides/comments/coaqy9/timeline_of_the_far_future/
tasty
jacksonville florida
barricade yourself in your home
too late
do not go outside

It’s called my little mermaid by gearous

It was pretty nice but I don’t remember what the name was otherwise I would put up a pic
Where the mermaid had a form of a fish head human legs
Yeah I read a gay manga
Human legs, fish head
Manfish
I can lure sailors to their death with my beautiful 2000s pop songs
If you lived in the sea would you be a merman or manfish
Also pollution and fishing
You’d have fish and shit in the ocean
Both would probably be kinda lonely though
Yeah
I’d live in the sky too because I love watching clouds
Plane crisis is where u get the real hot goss, out
I can sneak onto planes and have conversations with people having a crisis on a plane
I'd live in the sky
Oh
Also what if an airplane crashed into me, that’d be awkward
I also really like the sky but after a certain altitude I’d probably get really lonely
I would like to see all the different creatures in the sea but I’d probably get scared of some
Would you rather live in the ocean or in the sky
And die
I’d probably end up eating my tongue
Flesh
Medicine being
But you do get a taste of your own medicine
I feel like you'd bleed out pretty quickly
How quickly would you die, or would you notice and stop or would you keep going anyways because it doesn’t hurt
Imagine if you could eat parts f yourself and you didn’t know how bad it was until you looked down
no i tried and it only made me gassy
What is self-esteem, can I eat it?
Feels bad
Except people kept saying it was the easiest AP class and I still struggled
Stats was fine
stats ruins lives, stop stats now 2k19
Stop you’re bringing up ptsd from AP stats
oh actually that's genuinely very bad yeah
also lunar high standard deviaton, thats nothing. I just begin screaming intermittently when I see a sample size smaller than 30
but if your fine with it
i feel bad about that
:O
Btw you can keep my jacket
:(
You can only be one at a time
i can be both
yeah when a data set has a high standard deviation i get freaked the fuck out dude
Wouldn’t you be disturbed not sad
statistics makes me sad because a lot of the time it can be p disturbing
Was pretty good
Oh, I had to take that exact same course
my college requires us to do these courses and some parts are pretty eye opening
https://getpocket.com/explore/item/3-important-life-skills-nobody-ever-taught-you?utm_source=pocket-newtab
rude
damn
im so sorry
I WAS ON A BIKE RIDE
also gainesville best town
I love it here @Cemetables

relatable content
what the FUCK
what the

of the last person who used the website
and it redirects you to a search
you search anything
this website is so good
https://mysterysear.ch/
40%*
which inflates the acceptance rate to 40$
they auto-admit the top 5% of texas school students
but the thing is that for texas state schools
don't have an exact number
Also I just got a personalized video emailed to me from northeastern 🤔
maybe I won’t apply there, idk
@NotJoe what’s the oos acceptance rate for ut?!
the last thing you want is to accidentally break it because it got crushed or dropped or smth
go with something with a  durable shell
I got big fingers and I recommend getting a 14 in laptop, it's not too big or too small
(I’m not gonna be using it for anything but school/work stuff)
Any recommendations?
Big bonus if I can make it into a laptop
Not crazy expensive
Has to be Windows, preferably portable but not too small because I have Bigfoot fingers
Hey guys I’m buying a laptop for school and wanna know good options
yknow how dennis prager on paper says that between fascism and communism, he thinks communism is better but is untenable which is why hes not a communist, but in actually hes dennis fucking prager?
actually he's either a nazbol or a centrist 🤔 🤔 🤔
so thats interesting
I am now learning that he is a fascist
so uh I tried to make a friend in my universities facebook group
It even has actual physical activity so the sports people can't complain ezpz
Pogo is the real esport
including pogo
i found a discord for them full of gaming related stuff
when i googled my uni and then esports right after
i play pokémon go lol
also often times towns have pogo group discords
probablyu
I mean maybe?
your uni probably has a pogo group
Can’t find people to do raids with
Feels bad
being a nerd playing pokemon go depends on the context
joe you called me a nerd for playing pokemon go
since I walk a copious amount
I check it whenever I walk
but ill probably get back into it this month
no
Do you guys still play Pokémon go
Since a fun fact about ut is that they're acceptance rate for oos is secretly a lot worse than it looks when you google it
Also what major are you applying to ut for?
You could probably just go with coalition at this point
or should I use the Texas app still
but I’m using the coalition app for UW anyways so would it matter?
I didn't want to touch the coalition app
Use texas app
but do you have to send in other stuff besides that? like physical documents
I’m using coalition app
how do you apply
I applied there and got the L before @cynthia
what questions do you have on it
are y’all familiar with the ut Austin application? It’s kind of confusing
@Peacheon ayyy
@NotJoe nice lol
:o
If you end up going to UCSB, you'll get to meet @Xompop
also lmao @cynthia you chose the exact same ucs that I chose to apply to last year
yeah uc deadline sucks
uc deadline is nov 30
Oh probably
That sounds like early action due date
isn't the UC deadline like october or something tho?
oh nice!
i should really be starting on the UW one lol it's due nov 15th
i've started my uc application : D

meanwhile
That's wild
I swear I get like 15 a day
I'm still getting them
Which is like, a lot
yikes
Apparently over the 570 days I've been getting college emails I have accumulated 3608, for an average of 6.3 a day
https://twitter.com/daveweigel/status/1156722236100927489?s=20
No clue
wtf are they shouting
i can't wait for two candidates that have votes and eight that no one gives two fucks about
goddammit
fuck me i forgot again
you can hear biden be boring and predictable
reminder for peeps watching the debates pt 2 is in half an hour
So you could walk around the store getting groceries and then refill your drink
And free refills before you get to the cashier (to pay for it)
The slushie is a large and was $0.89
wtf
The huge one is basically the same size as the family-sized one you'd find in a movie theatre, and it costed $0.79
These drinks were also both less than a dollar each, which was crazy

squinting at @NotJoe
^^^ If you wanna be a cowboy, here are ten pro tips

And hand
This flask is way larger than my head


I love buying combat knives and gun cases at the local supermarket






But it does have pure Texas energy
Idk why
They have a gift shop too



that gas station is longer than the street I live on
scary
Actually like a hundred or so
thats actually such a cool photo
wow
Hundreds of gas pumps
Also at the same place:
canadia
oh my god
omg
My brother also bought this today at a gas stop/supermarket
But since we have people coming over, we decided to bake one
Usually, we have a yearly tradition of going to the Cheesecake Factory just to buy a slice of cheesecake
Will send a pic when it's done

Welp, after a lot of hassle, my cheesecake is finally in the oven yea yeet
uh huh
white people are thriving
ck2 humble bundle? national cheesecake day?
oh yeah, it's National Cheesecake Day btw
$1 for the base game + 5 dlc, and more dlc on the higher costs
https://www.humblebundle.com/games/crusader-kings-2-bundle
if anyone is interested in Crusader Kings at all (a pretty great strategy game) there's a rad humble bundle going on rn
gn

my bedroom
where was you
it was gn where i was
gn
It's gn somewhere
gm
It's morning
ummMm
gn
no idea
Which one?
Yea it is
It makes twitter screenshots at least 30% funnier
is it one of the ones they give you?
I just don’t like pressing too hard ok
I use one that looks like comic sans but isn't quite comic sans

also more evidence you're not a top right there
best font comic sans
TIL that I’m weak and that my hard presses aren’t good enough for my phone
I accept all fonts except those weird curly ones
I use default too it's okay
maybe I’ll feel 🌶 at some point
though, idk, we’ll see
SQUAAAAAARE
but I’m probably too much of a square to use other fonts
I do like that actually
yeah
oh
about this samsung debate
side with echks about what
It comes with stock, unmodified Android
since I'm using that samsung galaxy
I guess I have to side with echks here
oh
Nokia 7.1
Samsung is an Android, but not all Androids are from Samsung the company
wait Robin what android phone do you use
That's like saying hp and windows are the same thing
samsung phones use the android OS i think
Samsung is a type of Android phone
or am I misunderstanding something
aren't samsung and android phones the same thing?
gorgeous
I don’t think so
You can't do that on iPhone?
ok but u can change the default font
oh yeah, I see that now
It's not the end of the world tho and I'd still just it over an iPhone
Samsung has their own version of like every Google app for no real reason and you can't take it off
that’s fair
do tops have to be rude
Too much bloatware
that sounds like a bot move
if you're a top you're the least rude top i've ever seen
such as you wanting to be stepped on by someone else
and why don’t you like Samsung phones?
from various articles of evidence
I believe this is properly established
heck u
also who says I’m not a top
Also, this is so aesthetically pleasing ahhh
samsung infinitely better fuck you ramen
Samsung phones are all infested so I try to stay away from them
she's not a top though
YEEEEEEEEEEET
PEACHY HAS RIGHTS
I don’t like it
omg I just accidentally opened Bixby without knowing how to
Huh wack
since there's a button dedicated to just opening bixby
but slightly more annoying
Also yeah I would die without my beautiful three buttons
it's like siri
Wtf is bixby??
androids don't have the home button as an actual button which I think is good
like the newer phones can steal power from each other
the main things I remember rn are the irrelevant ones
everytime I misclick and accidentally open it I hate it
same
so I'd like to pretend it doesn't exist
but bixby's garbage
I'd like to say bixby
no facetime no iphone games
not compatible w iphone is the biggest hurdle
like
Also, @NotJoe — what minor differences?
Can’t be all buddy-buddy with that swiping
I need to show my keyboard who’s boss
Tapping makes me feel more in control
Idk I like the feeling of swiping around my keyboard, even if it's less accurate
Also, it used to be called Swype, the og name
and like swipe keyboard makes me feel like I have to get it all in one go
with minor differences
also, idk, I also kind of spell words as I go along
also using an android is pretty much the same as an iphone
It's more fun
why do that when I can just do it the better and nonpracticed way
Psshh you just need to practice
each time I use swipe keyboard it's wildly inaccurate
mainly because I feel like tapping each key is so much more accurate
No u
I hate it so much
Swipe keyboard is horrible
I used to use it on my first (really old) smartphone, but I think tapping each individual key is just more accurate idk
(you should use swipe keyboard)
that’s wild
it’s like a whole inch taller than my old phone
It's pretty straight forward
Idk about tips tho
Welcome to the Android gang
What are some tips and tricks I need to know
My sister-in-law just gave me her old phone, so I guess I’m a Samsung Galaxy person now
Whhhhh how
that's practically my morning walk
You live like 1 whole massachusetts apart from me
thank you america
not like it's that far or anything
just walk over faster it's just across the state
I want to go bother Joe too, but he’s too far away
yeah, maybe o:
go visit pi
YEEHAW
I’ll never be ready
I’m not ready
wow
are you actually
get ready for that intense sun and heat
ya home boi’s in texas.  yeet to the haw
Big agree
you gotta remember the second law of life: scratch is the devil
is it though
this is great
I'm playing a minecraft io game made with scratch right now
god dammit

i mean outlet
i mean the split is in mine but like it still works, i’d say give it a break or try a different plug
have you considered stealing someone elses iphone charger
Gameboy troubleshooting techniques here we go
I’m gonna blow it
gr
I guess you'll die
Pls help im on 10%
So I’m narrowing the problem down to this spot
And none of the wire seems damaged or bent
And it still doesn’t work when I connect it by usb
Other iPhone chargers are working fine
When this part of an iPhone charger is broken
Hey do y’all know what to do
:3
nice!!
super cute !!!
Yayyy awesome for you guys 😃
One Direction?
again
guess who’s together

tell him that this whole time that Earth is flat
:pepeworried:
best to get em young
quick give him communist propaganda
And now he’s learning all these memes and edgy jokes and what the sex is
Cause he turned 11 now
It’s kinda scary for me
lmao
danger's little brother, better known as russian revolutionary anarchist peter kropotkin,
soggy bread..
Aww he sounds adorable
He made a clarinet, a harmonica, a fork, a knife, a voodoo doll, a noose, a wine glass (which he poured water in and drank out of), and a smiley face
Like today he kept making these sculptures with bread and acting with them
He’s actually so funny he surprises me a lot
It’s my little brother whose idea it was to do the photo
The person taking the photo is very upset
stop
I’m judging very hard
wow thank u very much
idk what it is about it
off-topic but your hair is actually so cute !!!
Me and my new fiancé don’t judge pls we’re very happy together

Yeah
oh, heck your clone, right?
if you would. . . ?
I feel like idk if I would I'd have to find out in the moment
oh I think I was just afk tbh
you a pro bed wars player huh?
da hek
@Ryast holy moly 9 hrs on minecraft
lmao
my twitter bio is: "ya lookin cute"
exactly
lolllll
yeah thats the spirit
promise
i'm cute
like self confidence is looking in the mirror and going "id fuck me"
yeah
does it not say something about your own self-worth that you don't consider yourself fuck-worthy
wait what??
bc its a clone of you
like the clone is less of a valid recipient of whatever assigned meaning
lmao
sake like the japanese alchohol
i mean the answer still revolves back to "its you" anyway
Sake yum
thats valid i guess
but is because the act of having sex means something to me, and it would feel kind of meaningless to do it with a clone for the sake of it
oh?
and I think my main reason isn’t just bc it’s myself
heck
I was thinking more about why I wouldn’t heck my clone
Yes
@Clark you're team no clone fuck anti-cannibalism right?
the virgin abstainer vs the chad clonefucker
so I see them as close enough
I mean in my eyes the end result is the same
you're only allowed to say that "oh it's just masturbation" if you think there's no difference between a hj and sex, otherwise you're being pedantic and disingenous
whats your point
bruh this isnt no fap november
yeah but like
so you're not even getting laid in the end
it's just masturbation
also when you really think about it
I don't want to know how a genderbent version of myself would be in bed
why would you, A it could be fun, B you'd know if you're good in bed
how else are you going to get laid
why wouldnt you
why would I
why wouldnt you fuck genderbent you
joe
JOE
joe
also yeah i'm in the double no crowd
okay then call me stalin
to make it an equal option
okay i feel like for the clone thing if youre straight then its genderbent
you can just put me in the fascist quadrant i guess
Joe is with me and Robin btw
as for the cannibalism yeah why not
i wouldn't fuck my clone because straight but i'd consider fucking a genderbent clone
cowards

probably
(echks voice) Not only would I have sex with my clone, I'd probably make a bunch of clones and just get it on with all of them at once because that's how pro-clone fucking I am.
"yes"
whats your strongest feeling about clone fucking?
reasons to fuck/not fuck your clone
what is this list of ?
all of the above


okay lemme get the official list
why wouldn't you fuck your clone
wink
you can do both at the same time
self-confidence is when you go to town on your clone while eating human flesh
but I wouldn't have sex with my own clone
i'm not a COWARD
echks FUCK yea
no, I think I look fine
damn thats some real self loathing

and act like me ?
because they look like me ?
why not
so idk I wouldn't I guess
why not
I wouldn't be sexually attracted to my clone
yeah
like you can have a partner and play videogames with them and also fuck
no tho
but like
do both tho
6man clone team
you can
I'd rather have more time for the latter
Ez
YES COOP
why not do both
you canf ucka nd play
when you can play local multiplayer co-op games that you've always wanted to play with someone
Never heck clone
why not
"heck"
why heck your clone
okay but
bottoms dont have rights
i'mabottomandi'mright

wtf
Ehhh not really
and seeing yourself as a well-done piece of meat on the kitchen table
respawning
can u imagine
Just respawn 4head
Life is just a game
Actuallllyyy
Ctrl z
You sureee can
cornered
u got me there
heck darn
Yeah can’t you speak to the dead Angela
Uhhhhh ghosts
:P
xD
that might be hard
True
so like
well, they're kind of dead
*tell me now*
*what are your motivations*
I’d be too busy being like
Ok then big no
yeahhh same
Probably no just because it’s such an odd request
it's a person
Clark, it's not a cow
Yes no thanks
Human flesh
If it is cow yes
But also like
Because it’s their last wish to have that
If it is human no
Idk
Well
I’d feel too bad about it tbh
How to make conversations
when you really think about it
"I don't know, Angela, I think my morals against veganism is strong than my morals against cannibalism." --best Joe quote of the day
You know what I mean
Bruh
It's Human flesh not shit
If the person wanted to turn into cow steak gimme
If it's human shit don't want it
Well then
I'd eat it if it was like those tribal people who were weirdos and said you get stronger when you eat someone or something
grilled*
lots of other meats are referred to as steak
not true
o
Steak is cow
idk, I wouldn't be able to get over the fact that it was a person
cooked
its like
its a steak of human flesh
Wdym
it is human flesh
It's steak not human flesh
why would u feel bad tho
okay, realistically, I'd probably take a small bite and then feel bad and leave
its all about whether or not you can look past it being human flesh
If you say no something is wrong
Best steak in the world yes
Well if it verifiably tastes good then why not
id eat it
it tastes 100% amazing
i'd eat it
that the motivation is
tell Joe
wait
Amazing name
Omg crepe
^
Food is food
om nom
would you deliberate over eating it or just
Steak is steak
really?
Cause food
I would eat it
~~ur telling me that humans don't taste like chicken ??~~
I wouldn't because I only eat poultry
I would be extremely curious, but I morally can't eat someone
bc there are no motivations to eat it
Joe says no
I say, do it. Why not
@​everyone i have an important question to ask. If someone's last dying wish was to be made into a verifiably amazing steak dish and it was done and presented to you and you have no physical or legal  or social consequences for eating it would you eat it?
ok
leave me alone
i am weak ok
shut up
horror
tpn is barely
u so weak
wtf angela
~~had to sit in a call with joe, ewww~~
hard to get through
it's v good
I just finished episode 6 and omg
she doesnt know
pepelaugh
it's not gory or anything, but that was psychologically brutal ~~(at least for me, bc I'm a wimp)~~
and omfg that first episode was brutal
but I didn't realize it was a horror
it might refer to it at some point
Language
uhhh, idk if it does
what the heckity diddly doodle
Does it have more Peter Pan references
I just watched the first episode and
Ooh
what the heckity hey
umm hey guys
and it's so cute but also so ominous rn I'm scared
It's about some kids at an orphanage
Has anyone watched the Promised Neverland before?
Feels dead inside as usual
whats up week end gamers
So his heart is at midnight?
Dinner is where the heart is
Yes
no
Yeah
Asking for a friend
Does it count as dinner if it's 1 am
that makes sense i wrote the garfield lines
Ok after knowing that I think it’s hot enough to read
garfield's speaking patterns sounds a lot like tim ngl
There's a typo 2nd to last sentence, put space and capitalize
wtf
its the best thing i've ever read
its so good
no
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nvcUvTkNqzkocXvklN5eWEgc9AowOQAoq_7ZwXEHa08/edit?usp=sharing
hey guys can you um check out this garfield holiday special alex and i worked real hard on it \:^)
4pm 3minutes
exactly
ok
exactly
no, it’s 4 pm
is it
its not really mornin
whatcha doin on this fine morning of july
so gamers
welcome to myyyyy mine
I'm thinking 20
ok
what the fuck
what
whhhHhhHhh
if you weld two gamers together, you get a dimer and if you get multiple together, that's a polymer, but at what point do you get an amer ica?
😎
MINECWAFT TIME
omg are we minecrafting
ok
conroy r u ok
minecraft
WHAT DO TONIGHT
OK GAMERS
gaming
the most oppressive time
it’s gamer time
HI PEACHY FELLOW GAMRE
whhhh?
HI GAMERS
gottem
WOAAAHA
GAYmers
more like
gamers
gamergate took us all down
you are the last of them
there are no more gamers
not m uch i guess
whats up gamers
Now you just sometimes bleed from your head and people just have to deal with it
also is getting head stiches really a mood
i once should have gotten head stitches but didnt
I'm very clumsy
well, one was my head and the other was my chin
Oh mood
when I had to get stitches on my head
🤔
maybe two times
except that one time was I was young
HEY
bc I don't do stupid things
Teeth are technically bones
also, I've also never broken a bone
um what how
broken a tooth before though which is close to a bone
joe that is expected
also never broken a bone
cant believe ben shapiro broke your bones dude
not his
Robin, that was entirely your fault
I would've never broken a bone if it wasn't for a mister Benjamin whomst I will never forgive until the day I die
I never broke a bone before
(r/neverbrokenabone user voice) get lost cracker bones
It’s like when you crack someone’s back
The crack
my bones r indestructable
No cause like
cant relate
?????
It’s kinda good if you think about it
Okay but actually I’d let my girl do that
stop it, you
no im not
also wow Angela I see you're into getting your legs broken now too
yes
are you as thicc as ny pizza crust
sorry, had to
@NotJoe
Girl I am thicker than a bowl of oatmeal on a hot humid southern day
u aren't even thic
u wish
Actually I’m thicc
take mine
Danger has bad legs
break my leg tammie 😘
I offer myself
I want to break a leg
whats up soldiiers
I just went from level 23 to 47
god the steam event levels thing is op
you saw nothing
tim i saw that u coward
ah yes my butt tastes like grass
omg no
by steamed buns i thought you meant your butt
in my house?
um
Maybe someone dropped them
wowie why didn’t i think of that
🤔
that might do it
were they grass filled buns
maybe my nose has a ploy to destroy me and everything i love
but not actually it was more of the smell of grass
or tasted like what grass would taste like
idk why but my steamed buns this morning tasted like grass
I don't know what credit I can get for this but hopefully some
Aww yea
Yeah, probably, but I'll take it
the curve saved you
I thought for sure I hecked up on physics
nice !!!  I’m so proud of you bab
No way

Oh ok
^^^^^
It's safe
Earlyscores is just a proxy, it doesn't store any of your data
florida gang
earlyscores is safe i used it to get my psat scores back in december
I'll probably just wait, it's only a day
Then I'd have to get and trust a vpn
Just vpn to Florida or one of the other states that gets scores early
But if you wanna be very careful
I haven’t gotten any spam emails or anything weird that I know of after using it last year
How safe is earlyscores? I kind of want to see my scores early but I'm not sure if the risk is worth skipping a day
I had to ask my gf to log into my account
Is the first time in my high school life that they came out in my state first lol
Also the one time I’m not in the us when scores are released
Psychology was sick I took it two years ago
also pog tims scores
feels good going into college with 8 ap credits
ahhh fuck yeah I got a 3 (stupid euro) and 2 4’s
<33
D:
I don't remember French that well, but I do really enjoy that phrase xd
tais-toi
ah oui youpi la langue française j'adore ça.
Nice
^^^
Im very surprised

True
LOL
It's not a ;-; for me I get college credit either way
I got a 4 on calc too robin ;-;
are u ready to do some sexy INTEGRAl
Yeah boi I get to skip first semester math
i get to skip physics 151 bAbEE
damn dude nice

holy shit
https://earlyscores.com/
where do i check my score?
yee haww
and i got a 4 in world history
I have to take lang next year
physics I knew I was not prepared going in
Lang was very disappointing
It’s not worth it for the credit
No
Are you doing lit next year or nah
Oh well it doesn’t matter LOL

I thought I got a 4 or something
I got a 3 on lang 😭😭
Only some can be transferred to skip classes anyways
I expected a higher score
I’m kinda mad at lang
AP tests don’t matter that much right (?)
rip
I did crap on my tests
wha
I HATE LIFE
nice
My college told me I got credit from the ab calc test so I know I got at least a 4
Great guess
Yes
asia's my first guess
where are you
oh wow
It’s 9 pm here
I don’t wanna stay up 2 more hours waiting
that was me tbh
Tbh will be surprised if I passed
my physics ap score was saved so hard by the curve
nice
Im very curious for my physics score
Ah
since I've never used it
i'm not sure though
actually I think earlyscores.com might work
idk how to do that 😩
o
for you guys
actually rip all you losers in massachussetts, scores aren't released until july 7
unsure
or they might have to use a vpn
they can get it earlier if they change their location on their computer though I think
What about early scores . Com
wtf
it says international students get scores july 9th
Lucky you
so i'm happy
I got 5s on psych, physics c: mechanics, and calc bc
WHEN DOES INTERNATIONAL GET THEIR SCORES
how’d you do
oh boy AP scores are out
o7
we thank you for allowing us to watch the emoji movie with friends
o7
rip rabbit
overcooked is free on epic if u don't already have it
howth would work though
words are just noises like youre theseus's shipping words
But it rhymes in spirit
Yeah
youd have to twist words to get there tho
If you twist both words the right way, it rhymes
the e would just be the eh sound whereas mouth has a dipthong
It's how-ith and mou-ith
so no
howeth looks like itd be two syllables
Does howeth rhyme with mouth?
Who’s hyped to see their AP scores (≧∀≦)
it's all bland tasting carbs in my eyes
I think it’s weird cuz the textures and lengths are so different
^^
unlike the ketchup rice angela has mentioned to me before
it doesn't sound vomit inducing
otherwise, I’d totally eat mixed up rice and noodle if that was what was served to me
I feel like it’s only weird bc they’re both eaten plain
????
because it's too pungent
like it often ruins a sandwich
too pungent for anything else
blue cheese is only good for dipping buffalo wings and pizza in
blue cheese makes me very happy its so good and everyone hates it and it DONT DESERVE IT
i love you but youre wrong on every level and dont say that in front me or MY CHILDRENE VER AGIAN
angela listen
but not in pizza
blue cheese great bc of pungent
pungent?
idk
too
i can't stand it for some reason
blue cheese is the absolute worst cheese
i agree
with blue cheese
why corrupt pizza
ew
then hot sauce
then ranch
also dipping pizza in blue cheese is the best
dont dip your pizza in anything
I wouldn’t want to drink that milk because of the oil from the pizza getting in the milk
That does not sound okay
No
real ranch
but not that ranch lite shit
that way you get maximum bang for your ranch cup
and spreading it with a spork
or pouring the ranch on
and THEn the ranch
dipping it in the milk
so i owuld recommend
but the actual school ppizza tastes better with ranch than milk
milk sucks
danger no
is drinking the milk afterwards
the best part about it
ok so i tried it once with school pizza
omg ew
This is morally wrong

huh interesting
milk ??
if it's good you use hot sauce or garlic to emphasize the taste
ewww
But people dipping their pizza in milk is just wrong
if it's a bad pizza you use ranch to cover the taste
and the other half in sauce
Never tried
i like eating half my pizza w/o sauce
its good
just a once in a while thing
but not as an every time thing
***SIN***
^^^^ (to Ver)
I personally kind of like dipping pizza in ranch
a SIN
thats a sin
like ranch, blue cheese, garlic, etc.
June 30, 2019 — Question of the Day:
How do you feel about dipping your pizza in sauce?
@​here
what thenhell
This is cursed
We haven’t had an actual thunderstorm here in months tbh
Thunder and rain is great to fall asleep to imo, but I can imagine waking up to it would suck oof
in minecraft they let you sleep during the day when there’s a thunderstorm
I think I oddly find it easier to fall asleep when it's thundering
I usually sleep through it, unless it’s extremely loud like that.  so statistically i hate waking up to thunder
Unless I'm like sleep deprived
I actually really like waking up to thunder
Oof that sucks
cover my ears/face with my blanket
I’m just going to
grrrrrr
I’m
I just got woken up again right when I was falling back asleep
hecking goD
Oh my
I really, really don’t like it and get mad at people irl when they try to scare me, and this method always interrupts my sleep schedule, so it’s just like double  a n g e r y  😑 grrr
this isn’t the first time that this has happened (only like once or twice before) and I get so mad when it does
but the thunder sound that woke me up was so hecking loud that I woke up in a panic because I was so scared and like
and I’m not scared of thunderstorms or anything
Went to bed at 3:30 am and got woken up by tHuNDeR at 6:30 am omfg
I’m so mad rn
hecking god
Oh my
what do you mean you’re free?
So I’m free after today? Hooray
tomorrow im going ape dont worry guys
im insulted
tomorrow he may
its only for today tho
thanks tim
tim has confirmed he will not be masturbating to any of us by tagging all of us at once
This shouldn’t be a thing people do any day
thank you tim
@​everyone
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/420060387220914177/594346101256224808/facebook_photo_download_746700212114740.png
post in on /r/discordapp and see if anyone else has the same problem or a fix or something
But not that top part ew what the heck
Omg I’ve had that speaker problem too
and I can’t put people on speaker when calling people on my phone
the top is so ugly
okay this new Discord update is actually killing me

Why
erotic stirring.
the only two times ever
with words inside of words
well, you could also have really cool puns
the only time ever
This is the only time I wish we had characters instead of an alphabet

idk why but it makes me cringe going through these
it didn't occur to me until now that there would be a wiki page for emoticons
I’m a proud parent
team fortress 2 is no longer my most played game on steam

my greatest achievement has finally been reached
after 6 long years of waiting
oof
@​here tim and i are currently watching in Calamari Chilling
Why do they talk about it like it's a reality show or something
https://www.nbcnews.com/news/amp/live-blog/ncna1021236
yes
isn’t Bernie debating Thursday
regardless any old man fight would b great
what were his exact words
something like "swift and brutal"
and then trump said that he'd actually kick bidens ass god our president is cool
that's tomorrow night I think
bidens the one who wanted to beat up trump
i hope bernie leaves his podium and beats biden up
lmao hell no 
maybe for the next one with bernie and biden tho
probably
i'll yell about it in the discord but i'll be away from my computer
watch party, anyone?
Democratic debate starts @ 9:00 pm and ends at 11:00 pm EST
what the frick frack diddly dack

now I have no clue again
I thought we were inside someone's body up until this point

perfect it's your people
but I genuinely have no clue what's going on
right now my theory is that it's a tribe of cannibals ?
They talked about "harvesting" just before so

I have no idea what I'm looking at
also whAT is gOiNg oN
up until this point i understood the gameplay and now I'm hella confused

also
big mood

i mentioned to my sister that i couldnt buy pathologic classic and 10 minutes ago she gifted it to me with this message
peachy always finds the weirdest shit somehow
I'm very scared and still have no idea what's going on

This game has daddy issues

Oh yeah lol
according to tab
She Remembered Caterpillars
What game is it?
oh love that
you mean people ravenously eating the young of the Mother of Mold isn't cute?
what even is going on
This game looked so cute

um what

pathologic classic
what game's that
biggest mood of my life
tfw you cant even do This

that looked solid
just got totally accurate battle simulator its good
it looks good
I really want it bc Behemoth makes v good games
Pit People 👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻
that’s a lot of money okay
i'm making good life choices
spending the next six hours looking at steam games
fuck yes
echksie wechksie we gotta <33
owowowo
owo
i own tabletop
darn sales tax

I'm sad that I missed the 80% discount tho -- that would have made RE $3.99  ; u ;
This is the second largest discount
yes absolutely
Was the $2 worth it?
Dear Lord Angela
~~please get it i want to play more tabletop games with people~~
@Xompop I know you wanted a notification
Also Tabletop Sim is on sale, if you don't have it already: https://store.steampowered.com/app/286160/
(~1.5 years)
I waited so long for this to go on sale

I already know which game I'm getting
Steam Summer Sale started today !!!!!
nice
For me whenever my accounts get compromised its always from random locations in India
Nice
no just had to change the password
did anything serious happen ?
wack
bro russia just hacked my apple id
stop
its a greyt show
does anyone watch grey's anatomy
but they make me feel a funny so its all good
the appearance of these shows and the way they are presented arent coincidences is all
for law and order that was "look at the the lives of cops! its a hard job! dont you feel sorry for them!" which worked well for the late 90s just as b99's "woke diverse cops who are funny and relatable to you millenials" works well for the 2010s
i mean i enjoy b99 and especially b99 memes but from an objective standpoint it exists for the same reasons that Law & Order exists: after a cultural exposee of police brutality and nationwide reaction (rodney king and LA for law and order vs. mike brown and BLM for b99) its cop propaganda meant to soothe the Woke Fencesitter
i thought 99 would be unwatchable too but it's okay really
hard choice go with whichever is funnier
fascism sympathizing vs woke cop propaganda
Why not both
no brooklyn 99 good
steven universe!!!!
The acting in HIMYM is so good omfg
brooklyn 99 good
it was not the best episode but dang it made me sad
after himym
brooklyn 99
I love the 150th ep intro lmao
ahh 1.5 more seasons
I don't want the show to end
I'm scared though
okay himym it is
As for the other two idk they're both pretty good
You should finish himym!!
or heck maybe I should finish How I Met Your Mother
I'm really bored -- should I start watching Steven Universe or Brooklyn 99 first?
Pinball rocket league lol
Anyone else? @​here
im down
anyone?? pls
ooo:  I'd be down if others join
I really wanna play cah
we should totally all play this sometime
and you have to kill the other balls
yeah that's what it looks like
Rocket league pinball but you’re the ball?
Wait so
seems kinda neat
Free multiplayer steam game
https://store.steampowered.com/app/431930/Kabounce/
Yes
you mean the bottles on impossibly high railings that no one should have ever reached
*looks at the bottles at our school*
But taken to the extreme
Bottle flipping was overrated
I take it the college board or the SATs or the APs were a popular topic
write about something overrated
nice what was it
the argument essay was a meme
smh
Also AP Lang has been my favorite class this whole year fr 😂
In AP Lang our teacher forced us to write our first essay already sooo
I really want to but I’ll be gone for a month overseas
think you're gonna try and finish those college apps over the summer or just work on them later?
nice
Barely made it out alive 😂
Thanks
Congrats on being out of school
this year was def one of the most hectic years
officially on summer break now
I meant summer lmao
Whoops

It’s raining what sun
Happy summy solstice!
OUTTA WATTA
try making the argument that there is no difference when you're standing out like  FISH OUTTA WATA
actually alex wear a schoolgirl outfit for your wedding
Oh right, I forgot you're horrible
schoolboy outfit
alex don't wear a school uniform to your wedding
one is a school outfit the other is like a dress and a suit or something
What's the difference between school skin and wedding skin
amen
If you take off your skin, that's when you are really naked
i go to school i put on my school skin, i get married i put on my wedding skin, it's simple
if you try
yes you can
but you can't put it back on
what makes clothes clothes? you can take them off? skin you can take off too
it becomes your new skin
yes
You think clothes are an extra layer of skin
also im pretty sure both our points arent mutually exlusive
I think that skin is clothes
Also tim that's my point
yes
Human leather
CLOTHES
a human leather jacket is therefore
If you where non-cloth clothes then what
a leather jacket is clothes
ergo it is not cloth-es
skin is not cloth
neither i agree
it comes from the word cloth
go outside
im right and you cowards won't admit it
neither of you
Ok ok, tim thinks that all clothes count as an extension of the skin, but I say that skin is just another type of clothing, who's right?
amen 🙏🏻
Amen
amen
He had to shed them for his honor to shine through
also can we get a collective amen for zuko growing his hair out
classic blunder
That's classic anti-honor clothes
and he was sexy for it! next!


Especially those pants
counterpoint: zuko wore less clothes as he became more honorable
Every time I look at myself I think wow look at that honorable and elegant, fashionable guy
i wear pants for intimidation purposes
look if its not chainmail its not honor so jot that down
laughable
Yes
is that what you get dressed for alex. honor.
Do you have flannels large enough for him?
if he’s not feeling too lazy
and he wants me to teach him sometime maybe
also, Andy said, and I quote, that it was “an ingenious idea”
A source of honor
They should be
Pants should be more than bug protection
"If it's stupid but it works, it ain't stupid."
they shielded me from the bugs
they’re pretty great in practice too
also hey
That was uncalled for by the way
The whole idea of it is completely dorky and dumb and ridiculous even though in practice they look pretty cute
<3
ummm u mean like u, loser
Cute and dumb aren't mutually exclusive
I would actually say they’re p standard — the sleeves legs didn’t fit my legs perfectly (were a bit short), so his large flannel‘s sleeves are just a bit shorter than my legs
or angela has short-er legs
Your brother has very long arms
5th grade fashion-designer-wannabe-me would be v proud
alex is wrong they're v cute
@Xompop says that they’re really dumb, but I think they look cute and my brother thinks it’s a pretty innovative idea so like idk what to think
💯
and are fully functional as pants (you can sit, squat, walk, etc.)
but like they actually look super hella cute
I used my brother’s flannel as pants, so I wouldn’t get bug bites



okay okay okay hear me out
the smartest person I know
I’m
gUYS
GuYs
GUYS
True
funkytown
Oh maybe
Doesn’t exactly portray mad scientist vibes
ramshackle
Nah
?
hovel
But what’s a better way to describe that
I’m thinking of a run-down shack in the woods
but yeah generally some sort of laboratory
Uh
angry zone
Can there be non villainous mad scientists?
bad guy area
lair of villainy
evil laboratory
evil lab
madlab
mad scientist place
What’s a good description for it
What do you call the place mad scientists work in
HELP
No, you’re supposed to use activated charcoal
the real way to polish your nails is coating them in active bacterial cultures
thats buffing not polishing
I believe the correct thing to do is that you have to get an electric sander and polish your nails using that
I never polish my nails. Swedish? German? Lithuanian? Absolutely I do
you guys polish your nails? i take it a step further, i varnish my nails. if there isn't a hard and durable surface coating on the tips of my little timmy fingers im not happy
MWAHAHA FEEL MY WRATH
It started drying in .0003517 seconds and got super sticky and you could see the strokes so it wasn’t smooth and made me very upsetti so I KILLED IT
But when I tried using this white nail polish it was super hard to apply idk
I usually go with a clear coat
I know how to do them but they take forever to dry and I can’t do anything without feeling self conscious over how they look
but it was annoying when it started to chip, so now I just use nude nail polish
that used to be me
my world is shattered
i was like 90% sure you're the kind of person to walk around with pitch-black nails
this is why i don’t do nail polish
<:useful:542923497383526400>
useful rating
(really like 3 or 4 bc I also have a base coat + a top coat for my nails)
I always do like 2 layers
Also, you want to make them into thin layers, so you can go over them again
But if you place nail polish on the center of your nail first instead of the edges/sides, then you can more evenly spread it out afterwards
I used to be really bad at it, and painted them starting from the side
How are you painting them?
mood
Took a year to do my nails for fun, realized how UGLY THEY LOOKED THEN TOOK TWO MORE YEARS RUBBING THEM OFF AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHA
isnt tradcath stuff being a kink just kinda an extension of virginity being a kink
(opens crusader kings ii) oh god i cant get much harder
tradcath stuff is highkey just a massive kink
catholics are some of the freakiest kink people out there like you cant just blast people with images of half-naked men being tied up since childhood and expect them not to come away with ideas
oml
if you're a real kinky christian, just become catholic and spend some time alone with a priest
som
I’m screenshotting this can you think of som more
hi im tim  and im gonna spice up your catholic sex lives. Before me you only knew two positions: prayer and missionary but soon you'll be tposing with the man of your dreams just like jesus did in the roman days
kinky christian roleplay idea #2: roleplay as an idol worshipper and make them scream for the right god
Kinky Christian Roleplay Idea #1: Get tied to a cross
Usually it's the reverse
Can't believe you gotta become a devout Christian dude to get laid there
nice
And I can’t tell if they’re joking or not bc one of them reminds me of Ella (irl friend) and she would totally say that as a joke
It’s been p weird
like idk it’s just been this group of girls talking about how they’re looking for nice Christian boys but then also talking fairly loudly about their sex lives
also to summarize the gossip I’ve heard today: the Christians wanna get down and dirty
Huh
It's not terribly surprising but it was still a little weird
Yeah I heard some people in my physics class talking about that
apparently high schoolers are already using Tinder
super weird
Overheard some wild convos tho
bc it’s like a 2 hour drive
It’s easier for my dad that way
I actually picked it bc it wasn’t overnight
weird
not for my NSO
why arent u staying overnight its a 2 day program
huh
you aren't even staying overnight?
oh what
fOoD is good
I’m not staying overnight
idk if I will
haven’t seen them yet
How're the dorms
Nice
is she me ?????
At my college’s orientation and one of the guides said “upsetti spaghetti”
why did you just repeat the same noun twice
subtle butts are for weak men and democrats. Overt butt or nothing
You really saved me with this
Thanks for the subtle butt, Angela, I’ll make sure to get several pads
so bougie
is
this

your pants
friction from what
what in the world is this for

I disagree
it's awe-inspiring
it's so creepy
how so
it would be cool
if I saw it in person it would probably be less cute but it would still be silly
I think it's mostly the picture
that's a contender for coolest person in the room
ooh boy
it's creepy
someone walks in with that on
it's cool
that giraffe mask is not cute
in like a derpy kinda way
What are you talking about robin
hOW
it's cute
how is the giraffe mask not the worst
(the cat one)
that is literally the worst thing

me want

hella extra

is extra
now this

https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00PBX3L7K/ ummmmmmm
that's a high 125
imagine having five of those, one for each finger
big disagree
I want those fingers so badly


https://www.amazon.com/Cat-Butt-Tissue-Holder-Standard/dp/B079618L3W/ref=as_li_ss_tl?ie=UTF8&qid=1545321249&sr=8-4&keywords=weird+products&linkCode=sl1&tag=bestlife0c1-20&linkId=44e91fc09e12a36f4030529760ca5d46&language=en_US
https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B019HDSCPU/ref=as_li_tl?ie=UTF8&camp=1789&creative=9325&creativeASIN=B019HDSCPU&linkCode=as2&tag=eathnoth06-20&linkId=364ed2614125e4c56375632009afaa98

normally it's ~$10
oh that's because there's a lightning deal rn
https://smile.amazon.com/gp/product/B07BS48JCD
and it's so cheap too !!!
everyone actually needs this


who is so bad at peeling eggs that they need this omg

also
oh, it's a pack of 2
$11??????????
so extra

I never knew that I needed some of these things until today
I love me some 'staccios
oh heck that's great
also so useful what heck

@NotJoe https://smile.amazon.com/gp/product/B07B8ZG19G for your bougie self
no
stop eating 5 plates of spaghett
@Kewl Kid this one is for you:


better than the product is the comment/question section tho
<@​&348510056393867265> up your alley idk why
I highkey just found the most useful thing

okay okay okay
this looks so useful
um y'all i kind of really want this

https://smile.amazon.com/dp/B00ICPU7S0/  this one tho
also, how often do y'all clean your microwave?
I can't believe this actually exists
oh my god what is this

~~highkey going to put this in my giftlist for alex because this is totally something he would buy~~
i lowkey want this for my household in the future but know that i would never spend money on this

and uh
hi sorry im back
the one that you definitely have
um what alcoholic dream
alternatively my product is how you can sneak liquids through tsa and movie theatres
that product looks like it'll make you need another ice pack soon enough
https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001FYZZI2/ref=as_li_tl?ie=UTF8&camp=1789&creative=9325&creativeASIN=B001FYZZI2&linkCode=as2&tag=eathnoth06-20&linkId=99e6bca86b96b3f1b1465b06855c310a angela you can get your alcoholic dream started early
I feel like this is very useful but looks v silly

u right
@timfoolery
https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01AACB6Y6/ref=as_li_tl?ie=UTF8&camp=1789&creative=9325&creativeASIN=B01AACB6Y6&linkCode=as2&tag=eathnoth06-20&linkId=f0d0586c66532f3a2fcc34eb0924f4b8 I feel like this is what Tim needs
it's so ugly why

also
my next birth
guess I gotta go back in time
get me one for my birth
i love it
https://www.amazon.com/Cat-Butt-Tissue-Holder-Standard/dp/B079618L3W/ref=as_li_ss_tl?ie=UTF8&qid=1545321249&sr=8-4&keywords=weird+products&linkCode=sl1&tag=bestlife0c1-20&linkId=44e91fc09e12a36f4030529760ca5d46&language=en_US @Peacheon clearly this is your type of thing
yummy
that's so gross ahh
buT WHY do you need coyote urine
it's even on discount
good lord it's $1,540 uMm
https://www.amazon.com/Hunters-Specialties-4-Ounce-Prime-Coyote/dp/B004QWRE3Y/ref=sr_1_10?ie=UTF8&qid=1392136837&sr=8-10&keywords=wolf+urine
also this
i guess that's (hopefully) a lifetime supply ?
't you just need 55 gallons of lube
don
but why
this is also apparently a thing
I'm actually putting this in my wishlist for when I have a house
https://www.amazon.com/Passion-Natural-Water-Based-Lubricant-Gallon/dp/B005MR3IVO/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1392133722&sr=8-1&keywords=gallon%2Bof%2Blube&th=1
this is officially the most useful thing I've seen all day
and this

oh my gdo yes
https://www.amazon.com/Fairly-Odd-Novelties-Barack-Flushed/dp/B01HT9DSH6/ref=sr_1_3?crid=ZPSP3ZBE9OEQ&keywords=obama+toilet+paper&qid=1560561746&s=hpc&sprefix=obama+toi%2Chpc%2C167&sr=1-3
I've discovered the good stuff
some people are allergic to their partner's/family's pets
no one gets a pet they are allergic to
I wouldn't trust people who used these unless they were like allergic to their pets or smth
why

also
I was heavily questioning you my dude
it's the good stuff
I forgot what that was until I read the link
oh my god
this is the real type of product we need
https://www.amazon.com/Wunder-Boner-Fish-De-Boning-Device/product-reviews/B009KP6HFS
actually wait it is
also i'm so sad the wunder boner isn't for sale on amazon
I wouldn't have had nearly enough space for one of those
perfect
@NotJoe seems like something you would've had on your plane ride
also
also an oven costs more and would take up more space, I feel like
seems like a bit of pain to when you can spend a bit more money for an oven
you can use it for more than just pizza im sure
how often are you going to make pizza
at that point spend a bit more money to buy an oven
heavy disagree
and useful if you don't have an oven at home
Okay this one is kind of cool ^^^

This is cute but hella extra

also
that looks yum
that's kinda like the bars the military eats
I hate coffee >:(
https://www.amazon.com/Awake-Chocolate-Caffeinated-Milk-Count/dp/B00RBACCJO
This isn't extra but I love this
that's the most inefficient method possible
no
eat around the pit
su i dunno
I do it the best way
my mom bought that cherry thing a long time ago
nah, it's never happened before
and eat one and then spit out the seed
I do the normal thing
and I'd be afraid of accidentally swallowing one
pshhh it's fun
that makes chewing sound like such a pain
my record is like 30 or so
wtf
I usually just store all the cherry pits in my mouth until it gets too full and then spit them out one at a time
i dunno man
why
i have that cherry thing
oh my god what is that
wha
https://twitter.com/JeffBezos/status/843692770405617664
oh hey i have that
It's so incredibly extra
I honestly just wanted to share this lmao
HAH
BiG mOoD
me
June 14, 2019 — Question of the Day:
What Amazon products have you come across that are totally extra?
@​here
ooo:  I forgot too woah
OMG I FORGOT I HAVE PEACHY’S PHONE NUMBER
they're like mostly water anyways
olives are gross but tomatoes are fine
wow
because those are gross
except tomatoes and olives
yes
one of each vegetable
I only get salad with all the veggies
hmmm
idk what you could possibly be referencing
and pack it with chicken
you could get minimal lettuce
yeah
I guess there's salad
eat veggies too
my takeaway from my dining hall experience is I just gotta live off egg whites, greek yogurt, fruits, and chicken
idk id have to see what our school does for food
ice cream
but we all know where people gravitate to
i think ours have like chips and stuff
like there were healthy options too
oh the heck lol
like at most of mine they had stuff like ice cream, waffles, pancakes, fried food, pizza, etc.
oh unhealthy options yeah
im probably gonna eat less just to save up money
and the thing I've noticed about dining halls is that there're so many unhealthy options
then just exploring boston for the rest
i'm probably getting 17 meals a week
well i would because i would be trying but
i dont think i could get freshman 15 even if i tried
i only get 14 meals a week so
really?
and something I've learned from orientation is that dining halls are essentially designed to trigger freshmen 15 for people with bad eating habits
dang
so apparently orrientation is after move in day
clearly my master college plan has to just be sleep in the library

oof
who needs an ac
ac lol
neu's was hell since dorms don't have ac
oh huh
and maybe help resolve course stuff
and they tell you some info about the university
eat at some dining halls
and essentially do ice breaker activities with other students
you live in one of the dorms
what is orrientation anyways
oh
oh nice
orientation move in and first day of classes are all around the same time
I had mine a few days ago
yeah
wow that's late
idk lol
wait no
august 18 i think
a lot of schools do that
whens your orientation
since I know my school used a catering service for admitted students day
yeah
not sure how indicative that is though
but the food was good
ahh
for accepted students day they had us eat in the gym
i have no clue
oh yeah, how's your schools dining halls
oh lol
that's soylent I think
or those meals in a bottle thing
clearly I just gotta start a soylent diet
yeah
or eat in class
guess you'll die
oh that sucks
so rip lunch
like on wednesday I have back to back classes from 9:50 to 3:15
eh the issue with mine is they just ruin the time schedule sometimes
but the thing was that there were way more chem classes available then bio classes
they had "recommendations" for specific majors
i wish my school did that
wow
my school essentially picked all the classes for my major and left me like 1 slot I could choose a class for
there weren't really much schedule building options allowed for 1st years
i built my schedule so that there was some consistency
oh that's a rip
since that just means my day gets interrupted repeatedly
doing homework and workstudy is going to eat up time though
I don't like how some days I have massive gaps between classes
same
that's what i'm a bigger fan of
yeah
free afternoons
I like that too
would've preferred 8 though since I like finishing things early
my earliest classes are at like 9
nice
the good thing about waking up at 8am thing is that it's only 50m
i would take other humanities courses outside my major but i feel like thats such a waste of time
since i need to take at least 6 for their requirement
the blue block is a humanity course
ever
thats also like. are you just not taking like anything other than pure science classes
same
God bio was so much more enjoyable than chem for me
taking more chemical classes than bio classes and attempting to major bio
who even cares about chemicals
what has a chemical ever done for you, all they do is sit there or float around and some of them can kill you
>wake up
>go to class
>nap
f
8AM EVERY DAY
aka hell
my college schedule looks 🔥

I did bc it was so funny to me xD
what a throwback to middle school me
EWWW OMG @Peacheon did you screenshot this?!
looking through old photos/memories on my phone and boyo there’s a lot
@cynthia
My favourite picture of Cynthia

wish i could join
mood
i’m at a bar and the bartenders are singing old town road
So I got .75(arctan(x/2)) for the left bit
Wait shoot sorry I didn't get back to you earlier. I agree with the right hand part but the left part is wrong since even though it looks like a ln integral, it's actually arctan
I’m sorry I haven’t done math in so long I have no idea what that means
this

but I got
ok i think i did it wrong
aa
f(a+b)/(x^2+4) dx
cancel out a x^2 + 4
(a+b) (x^2 + 4)
go by the coefficients
and then you can figure out a and b because you can just
something like that
a*(x^2 + 4) + b*(x^2 +4) = 3x^2 - 2x + 12
cant you just do integration by partial fraction thing
just broke it into the easier chunks
I haven't solved it yet though
and the right half is an easy u-sub
the left half is in inverse tan form
You can break the fraction into 3/(x^2+4) - 2x/((x^2+4)^2)
so
I think I did it
ok
method
how do you solve this with the factoring thingy

HELP

I thought u had more faith
God damn it robin
So nothing changed?
The grad pictures they took made me look like a drug addict
Yikes
HA
I still have a year and 2 weeks
oh
to those who are still in highschool
rip
2 weeks
I still have
nice!!
yeah
sooo yall are done
we graduated on wednesday
when are you guys officially done with hs
I mean technically it's not break we just done
lucky!!
yeee
are you guys on summer break?
which one is on average more expensive hmm
technically ur wrong
technically boston is discount nyc
NY is where it’s at
nyc is just discount boston
but i’m going to new jersey to go to nyc, my cousins just live in new jersey
i’m in new jersey lol
🙏 thoughts and prayers 🙏
pray for her :(
you're going to new jersey? im so sorry
Not that you silly goose
I agree, going to new jersey sucks
That sucks :(
New jersey
ooh, where to? o:
i’m in the airport now for the next 5 hours for my flight because it was delayed ):
unless u have a chromebook or smth lame
oh use popcorntime
glad i could help
but yeah ill try that next time for sure
actually i found an ok site without TOO many hurdles to jump
actual advice: check pornhub
fuck you lunar
smh
just have someone airdrop movies to you :p
and everything is a virus
but now i want to watch a movie
i havent done it in years cause i was mostly just like eh whatever ill just watch whats on netflxi
what do yall use to watch pirated movies now?
Always knew Angela was the number 1 L
Angela's a line fascist pass it on
yeety my skeetys
Whoop
Angela’s the line leader
I'm so proud
I’m at the front of the L--- line
AT GRADUATION
LINE LEADER
I GET TO BE
MY DREAM HAS COME TRUE
GUYS
Totally relatable
unrelatable content

MS BROOKS LET ME IIIIIIIN
I can show you when you SHOW UP TO SCHOOL
I want to see it wahh o:::
Instead of being reasonable and sleeping I stayed up drawing a hot angle sama
||yeehaw||
yeah, but I don't agree with them
only by choice
youre abiding by various rules of physics and the english language right now
and I don't have any
rules were meant to be hecked
heck YOUR rules
heck your rules
not allowed
why were people howard the duck on main
what's the point of morals if they don't benefit you
psssh
morals are meant to conflict you not benefit you
no joe the heck
like what
Clearly I would've just found a more lowkey way to cheat
Pshh
because otherwise we would have lost
this is why we needed me and tim in the boat and not you
that's the exact opposite of what morals are
So they can change whenever needed
You see morals are made to benefit yourself
he has flexible morals
or
joe doesn't have morals
wow joe, compromising on your morals
or brush your teeth
to erase the taste
just drink water
Just pay someone to erase the memory
if you eat it and have 1 trillion dollars
You see it's quite a simple answer I've realized
pineapple pizza for it
eat
would you
Also this question has brought upon the realization it's worth doing almost anything for 1 trillion dollars
Only justification for marriage is to get money
Oh if hes poor screw that guy
who has one multiplujillion, nine obsquatumatillion, six hundred twenty-three dollars and sixty-two cents
I mixed him up with scrooge mcduck
I don't think he has that much money
wait joe I hecked up
also, joe only gay for trillionaires ??
actually??
um
he's like a trillionaire
Ah then the answers obviously yes
he has the most amount of money in the world
he's loaded
An important piece of information needed to answer this is how much money does he have
This man has no flaws
The best picture is the one right of the egg because Howard the duck is not there
Nada
None
There are no good pictures of this man


never ever
I bet tim would
absolutely not
no
hey, would any of you date howard the duck?
woW
haha owned
if any of you have watched jeopardy with jeopardy james, he apparently loses tonight ):

Good morning
It’s morning in my time
its very much morning somewhere
morning?
good morning mickey
good morning :P
it's not even the morning
Good morning everyone
Waterworld confirmed.
I always knew global warming would cause boat wars
((The art style was kind of a combination between Toon Link and Animal Crossing.))
My dream last night was kind of interesting.  It was kind of cartoony.  
Civilization was only on boats, but they were all floaty boats — as in boats made out of the same material that floaties are made out of — so every colony was one of pirates.  
Anyways, I randomly got teleported to this world and spawned on one of the ships.  (They had this cool polytheistic religion, but I can’t remember it, and) they thought that I was a messenger/warrior from the gods.  I actually ended up becoming the best warrior because I used a different scissor-cutting technique (in fragmented zig-zags, rather than just straight) than everyone else did, which ended up being a much faster method, and I ended up reforming some of the ship’s laws while on board too.  
It was kind of a silly dream but also kind of serious, because, well, I was sinking ships that contained hundreds of people, so there were some moral questions posed by my dream self and some of the characters there.  (The captain and I had especially long conversations about these things late at night, when all the other crew members were asleep, and I was kind of like his advisor person thingy.)
have fun with another 3 years
*I only just completed my freshman year frick*
i can officially say that anyone still enrolled in high school is lame andshould grow up soon

🤑
aloha scooby doo
we are baby
oh boy
Oh boy guess we're young again now that were freshmen instead of seniors
hell yes join the freshly out of high school club
also congrats my dude @Maktackle !!
oh neat
yeah it will be nice and cool
ooh congrats!
super neat
i'm taking pseo which is just where you can take college classes for free and get dual credit while in high school
university of minnesota
what school?
i got accepted to college yesterday so think again bucko
<:richthonk:423678784911310868>
Making me older
And you guys are still in high school
I’m a college guy
So this means
but congrats to you Danger!!!!
doesn't really feel real yet because people are presenting their final projects and stuff so it just feels like normal classes
that's gonna be me tomorrow
hot
wild
I just stepped out of my last high school class
Omg
will smith genie is coming for you
FISHIES
i dont wanna grow attached
have you named them yet?
whh

What??
why does the little fish look like hitler
why is the little fish chiller than the big fish
<:gingerbreadsquid:548622266506936356>
That's still $2,763.19, my dude
clearly it's in zimbabwe dollars
but I'm down for negotiations
~~$1,000,000 for server ownership~~
~~pay for admin~~
^^^^^ you gotta pay for memberships here
who is this non donor

that honestly sounds realistic
xD
wha
Apparantly, according to her, I asked for it but I have no memory of this ever happening
What did she say?
Hey that's a good idea
Did you ask her
Amazing
Equality
its quality
I don't understand why she would send me this

It's super duper interesting to see !


(sorry, everything takes a decade to load ahh)

**After:**

or


**Before:**
It's so weird to think about and hard to pinpoint like a certain time bc they kind of seem to just mesh together, but it's really evident in like before-and-afters
kind of just a cool thing that I've noticed but the fashion style on MovieStarPlanet -- like what's considered "in" -- changed pretty drastically as culture/the years did
why am i like this
@timfoolery oh man this is still you

reeEE
but like
(I have one on Discord too)
or just fond memories I have of people
I always have a chat of just myself and post my favourite quotes in there
This is the chat I'm the most upset about losing ahhHHH

oh man me and my christian server language

“Now”
Skype emojis ugly as heck now

oh man 11th grade

^^^^
also, I'm so upsetti bc Skype didn't save all of my old convos
and remembered how much Skype stinks compared to Discord
and found out that Skype has a web version now
I'm on a trip down memory lane
TRUE THAT CANT PART WITH THE GRATES IF YOU DONT GRATE WITH THE PARTS AS MY FATHER ALWAYS TOLD ME BACK WHEN I WAS A LAD. AHH INTEGRAL CALCULUS SURE DOES BRING BACK THOSE JUICY ZESTY MEMORIES
integration by parts is trippy if you aren't careful
I don't think Newton's method is part of bc calc
idk if it's calc bc
We're doing Newton's method, integration by parts, shell method, stuff like that
@NotJoe we do calc bc stuff (I think)
@cynthia what calc stuff do you still have left since aren't ap tests already over
rip
I'm late but awake and can't really help ripperoni
oh oof
that can help me with calc
is anyone awake
your memes and politics bring me life
lunar where'd u go
welcome back
oh hey

yeah sorry -- video editing*
if you mean video editing then i have no idea
if you mean photo editing
Gimp
zilch
nada
zero
none
Depends on how much you’re willing to spend tbh
What is a good editing software ahh ?
aye aye i will <33
ooo:
steam key for wandersong i dont like music notes they scare me take it CFW3E-EEA3W-5QZ0K
it becomes good
if something is so bad
youtube horseshoe theory
warning for a lot of outright nazism
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t69iKLcf18U
you can see his channel slowly becoming more and more insane
and slowly move foward in time
also something I found great is that if you look at his earliest videos
gandhi was a posadist send tweet
like gandhi
also he has admitted to taking a lot of his poltical ideas from fantasy novels and video games
and into good again
you see the sheer insanity and terribleness of his channel makes it go beyond the point of bad
hes a racist, joe
he has a lets play series where he plays skyrim and kills random people and calls whoever he has recently killed a Member of the Frankfurt School or something similar
also the golden one is clearly a legend
skyrim belongs to the nordss
he shouts?
thats just. hes literally ulfric stormcloak
yeah
huh

hes a youtuber who is a swedish bodybuilder and makes swedish bodybuilding videos but is also an anti-semitic nationalist and makes a lot of fash videos explaining why hes a nationalist and why the hitler salute is okay becaue hes a true son of europe
who?
thats it
theyre just The Golden One
theyre just
nords are just
you there, youre awake
hey you there, horse theif
So now I just steal their horses
and then they just totally ruined all the sympathy I had
everyone does
yeah, I was feeling bad for them in the beginning
and beat the main quest and then never touched the game again
racist basterds
fuck the stormcloaks
He sided with the stormcloaks
its awful i could write an essay on the death of writing and narrative in a bethesda-dev'd game
my dad is so boring
I would rather do anything than actually play through the main quest
the skyrim storyline is so boring
YES
random sidequests > any written narrative in skyrim
and roam the land killing bandits and dragons
I just do all the random sidequests
I don't even spend much time in the city
theyre so annoying but i get guilted into adopting lucia every single fucking time
and say they're going to beat me up with a wooden sword
they just stand there
like
I hate the children in skyrim
Ok, I like skyrim on legendary because essentially, I'm OP, but I still have to work for every bit of damage
and also adopt children
also i run around in a toque and break into peoples homes to steal their food and make soup
like a manet painting
it adds another dimension to a game that i think is very expansive, but also very flat
and again, i hate feeling OP in skyrim
I hate having to worry about eating and sleeping and being not freezing to death
it adds difficulty to a game that is designed to be OP
that's the worst
oh no
i mean mods that add hunger, sleep, thirst, cold, etc
like i dont mean difficulty as in health/damage etc
but I have to
which is a problem because I hate using potions
i dont like the feeling of being overpowered in skyrim because i think it does it very transparently
oh yeah, I play on legendary
i also play with mods that increase the difficulty immensely
ignore literally every scrap of narrative (because the narrative in skyrim isnt worth looking at), ignore all the factions (because theyre better than the narrative but still super flimsy and non-materially unrewarding), and take advantage of the crafting systems and start being a collector
what kind of playstyle do you prefer?
and I don't spend it unless I'm a mage
i hate hate hate that i hate that playstyle and i hate how skyrims systems encourage it
and then I have a lot of money
like dragon skin and dragon bones
In skyrim I hoard so much stuff just to sell it
always gotta hoard that 100k at least
i hate the armor choices in skyrim
having money in skyrim is great
i despise having money in skyrim
yeah im thinking skyrim
shut up capitalist joe
I'm thinking like skyrim or WoW or stuff like that
you just gotta hoard the max amount of money in all games
it's my most popular game too
but we could be imagining completely disparate games
and a counter goes up
you click a button
I made a game in scratch
we are talking about rpgs
i mean though
there is an unexpected amount of joy from watching a counter just go up and up
it breaks the immersion honestly
idk ive tried it and i just get depressed
it's like cookie clicker
you'd be surprised
theres no fun in hoarding gold
I don't care if other people look at me and say, wow look at that hideous noob
so i just blow it all on pointless stuff
rpgs (which are cans of worms for me) usually give the player too much money
I couldn't care less about cosmetics
or late level or whatever
I don't think I spend much money at all in RPGs until it's very near the end of the game
i blow my money on cosmetic items all the time i think its funny
then you have all this worthless junk
that's terrible
what no
oh fake i love spending money on useless shit in rpgs
that's all the financing I know
yep, I learned that from RPGs
thats a general rule fo thumb to life: dont spend money on useless things
i mean that could be said of anything
Maybe it could be better if we stopped spending money on useless things
none of that
i know kids from around here who go to both the small town schools in the county and also the big schools in the neighboring city and theres like
but yeah thats. kind of not how a lot of schools work
acclerated
idk
or is it accelerated
so now we have college prep and advanced college prep
and then they changed the name when the colleges were like, "hey your curriculum 2 isn't preparing students for college"
I know that at my school acp and cp used to just be called curriculum 1 and 2
i was very :0 about it when i foudn out
there is no acp
and a few aps, yes
wait, so does your school just have honors and regular courses then?
(also acp is a made up Your School thing i guess smaller schools like mine dont have that at all so technically Your School is already implementing your vision)
the college level -> honors level -> ap level system
which i would argue that the current system more or less achieves this (everything has flaws of course)
Ok, there's a trade-off here between tolerance between "intelligence groups" and the effectiveness of the school system in maximizing learning of academic material
at least that’s what occurred in my school district
because in elementary school even though you’re identified as “”””gifted”””” or whatever, you’re still placed in classes with students who learn at a slower place
like, the whole tolerance thing. If my school is a statistical anomaly (which it is), then that means I may have been unconsciously conditioned to treat people who are different from people in my school worse
I think that’s why the segregation doesn’t start until middle school
wym
but that means it already exists
actually
ok wait that's kind of a big problem
anyways
i feel like that victory is the equivalent of a marathon
yes i have succeeded
Ok, I hadn't considered that
i mean in THAT hypothetical the work for creating a simulation could just be used to improve society somewhat
by segregating people into classes based on how people think, it would (hypothetically in thsi hypothetical situation) slowly lead to people being less tolerant of different ways of thinking and people who are """"slower"""" then them at learning
but also good people, hopefully
then they will be sad
ok, I got it: put everyone in an idealized simulation until they turn 18, and then yoink of out of paradise into the harsh reality
broadly speaking, white people who have classes with students of color are less racist, men who have classes with girls are less sexist than all-boys-school students, and etc etc
and is also unfortunate
oh that makes sense
oh also statistics and studies show that school is a key factor in how people perceive society as adults
it allows people more bodily autonomy when they know how their body works
what's important about it
but anatomy and physiology, despire how boring they are, I think are important
I don't think it should be mandatory
for regular people
but i do want to point out that usually the defenders of a system are the ones who benefit (or perceive to benefit) the most from it
I don't think calc is very useful by the way
i know were not taling abt iq
like it our not there is unconscious bias towards the self, which is also the same problem with iq tests in general
of money and privilege
it's one large bubble
I agree that the kids at my school are not reflective of kids as a whole
thats the problem
>at least consciously
I'm not using myself as a baseline, at least consciously. I think that the classes I listed are important and that's why I want them to be mandatory
okay that i cant believe because you appear to be using yourself as a baseline when your intelligence at STEM academia is a statistical anomaly at a school where most kids are way smarter than average
decent as well
also, how is it bad for society
and how good are you at anatomy and statistics and calc
like decent
also random question but why do you think basic anatomy and physiology should be mandatory
also alex how good are you at analytic writing by chance
I think that recent history should be mandatory
alex ultimately the problems are
1. subdividing classes by fine lines of intelligence is impractical for monetary and structural reasons
2. that system has so many holes and rooms for human bias that its a slippery slope to segregating classes by race, which is a real thing that happens. just because you think thats dumb and illogical (rightfully) doesnt change the fact that the concept of the system practically encourages that
3. this system is good (maybe, im not on board with that idea) but really really really really REALLY bad for society
I think that basic anatomy and physiology ought to be mandatory as well
taking stat next year myself
I think that classes specifically designed to teach people how to write essays succinctly and informatively should be mandatory and not all the analytic writing which is not as useful
civics in middle school, statistics in high school
civics and statistics are taught in my schools
I think that civics and statistics ought to be taught as well
keep that in mind
I'm depicting my ideal school here
because it's stupid that they are not
just that they ought to be
I'm not saying that these are taught btw
yes, but math is important regardless
I'm fairly sure they do teach CPR in some other countries
okay but not everyone is going to become an engineer
if you don't understand how to take an integral, you're never going to become an engineer
they don’t teach finances at most schools, they like to throw you into calculus
they don’t teach cpr at most schools
if you don't know how to finance, that's bad
if you don't know how to do cpr, that's bad
^^
not everything in life is as logical as it is in school
what do you mean
uh
how is school material supposed to help you in the real world
if it's not then it's not doing its job
(iq is not translated to potential and future success i have graphs and statistics about how thats a fucking crock and lie designed to shield peoples iq and therefore ego but thats not important right now)
school material should be complex and nuanced
so everyone processes things a little slower
school becomes more and more complex over time
in some ways, but not exactly
similarly, someone can learn new things quickly, but each time they do them, it's a longer process
^
isnt learning to do new things a different kind of puzzle solving
^^ why kids with a higher iq succeed in school. So somehow it’s translated to potential and future success
someone can be really, really good at solving problems and can do them very quickly, but they might take a long time to learn how to do new things
if schools are designed to just teaching fact but reasoning behind it, which, they are
how so
which is different from assimilating new information
I would say it's a measure of the rate of logical reasoning
wheres the flaw
no
yes  or no
also, I think a lot more funding should be going to education
so if the test was fixed and accurately measured its stated intent, you would be fine with calling iq a measure of learning ability
that's why I want to make a better, more specific test
yes
then the test is flawed not the concept itself
which is the only important part in designing a school system
that tells you nothing about how good someone is at learning new stuff
^^^
most schools can’t afford to hire more teachers, and even then classes will have less than 20 or even 10 students
the stated intent anyways
most iq tests just throw logic and deductive problems at you
it has been it will be and society wields it differently but thats the intentiion
like thats. the point of the iq test
your "subscore of iq" is kind of the normal score for iq
sure, if the resources are available
are you suggesting an in between class between honors and ap?
which is an important distinction
okay what about this: a kid finds the honors program super easy and succeeds, and is then placed in AP courses, and fails.
I am proposing using a subscore of iq, that being the rate at which new material can be assimilated, to separate classes

its the same logical framework with different reasoning and context behind it
I am not saying to use iq to separate classes
they argue that the reasoning is that theyll have more shared life experience thus leading to mroe fruitful debates
A) IQ isn’t indicative of intellect, potential, or anything that schools make it out to be in elementary school, the IQ test was designed as a way to find those with learning disabilities, not the other way around. 
B) There’s no point in measuring things like intellect or creativity because it’s all subjective and useless. 
C) There’s already segregation in schools by way of standard -> honors -> AP/IB depending on the school, and sure, there is an advantage with grouping children who learn at a certain speed together because you can learn more, but all kids are supposed to take the same state exam for a particular class, no matter how much extra they’ve learned, they’re still graded on a standard.
I think my reason for segregating classes makes sense and is not related to this kind of segregation at all
similarity is not better unless there is a reason for it
because of shared adversity etc
it still happens using the same logic of "learning better with similarity"
and not even correct, really
and racist
That's dumb
and segregating classes by race because "theyll learn better with people they are like" isa  real thing that happens in real private schools in america
the race and iq debate is still very much alive
how so?
a very slippery slope
also, the idea of "forced segregation" of classes is
mhm..
yeah I know
yall live in a statistical anomaly that is unreflective of american society as a whole
it's going to be bad for their mental health and they won't learn as well
also
forcing kids into an honors program is not good unless they can handle it
wtf
but if they’re going to earn Cs and would earn As in regular classes then like
but they still take the class because they think they have a shot at succeeding
weighted GPA too depending on your school
some
but they still take the course and fail anyways
it looks better for college
like
yeah but why do some parents try to force their kids into the honors program
wait, if you just take the test and bypass the class then you can get college credit without paying for the class
the point is that people arent going to want to take courses they know theyre going to fail at
if you're knowledgeable enough
also yeah the whole point of AP credits is to save time an dmoney in college
I imagine it's just part of taxes
I didn't realize that until the middle of this year though
i dont know how the financing for aps works honestly thats not the point
yeah i guess
i guess
I mean isn’t the whole point of ap courses to save money for college by earning college credit in high school
ah
She's talking about the class itself
we definitely have to pay for AP tests here?
with bible billboards and everything
also what
oh lol
i live in the part of massachusetts that forgot it was massachusetts and looks like rural missouri
still a city
I mean my school pays for the ap exam and i live in jacksonville
like we do here in hicksville where i live
you pay $500
see if you dont go to a fancy schmancy public high school like the one alex goes to
if you take the course you might as well take the test
yeah, but like
It’s not a mandatory test
and taxes
oh wait the test
yes
no?
wait it costs money for y’all to take ap courses
people dont do that
no kid who consistently pulls in Cs and Ds is going to pay 500 to take an ap course
the difference between what already exists and what I'm suggesting is that honors and AP courses are voluntary. To get in, you just need to ask. I'm suggesting that we force people to take the class which matches best the rate at which they learn
Sure, some people in AP classes are overwhelmed, and some people pass easily. However, it was every single one of their choices to take that AP class, some of them knowing full well it’d be a struggle for them.
like at this rate just give up on public schooling and be homeschooled
like thats nonsense
youre never going to get enough kids to justify a class while also having people of the EXACT SAME intelligence
^^
In each AP course I am in, there are plently of overwhelmed students and plenty of students who easily pass
its completely impractical to keep subdividing and subdividing and subdividing
same there
ap courses.
Honors courses go too quickly for some students and not quick enough for others
its exactly the same thing its a different class where the smart kids get in so they can learn with other smart kids
No, that's not really the same thing
we already have that its called honors courses
since they are around peers who learn at similar rates
I was thinking that if we segregate schooling into classes with children who learn quickly and those who don't then each child will learn better
instead of, you know, inherent bias and greed
but that assumes that the problem with admission is not understanding how smart a person is
also, I'm not exactly sure how I would use the data, but I think it's possible to create it
etc
For determining how much merit an applicant has
for designing more effective schools
how dangerous is that data?
but then whats even the usage? where is the need for that kind of data?
that would give a more comprehensive view of a person
I think that it would be more useful to make many smaller tests designed to test one small component of intellect and hopefully by honing in like that, each aspect by itself can be valid
if intellect itself is inherent un-useful, how the hell can a measure of it have any use
intellect itself is not a very useful concept though
IQ is not a measure of intellect but that doesn't mean that measures of intellect can't exist and be useful
and they still do
consistently, iq tests honestly do reflect "oh this person probably has a learning disability" but they fall apart when it comes to the higher end
yes
So IQ is useless and not a measure of intellect, and was never designed to be a measure of intellect.
this is historical fact
and the iq test succeeded that that, but binet was like "ho ho, i can apply a second layer that also dtermines the smartness of the smart kids with time as opposed to just identifying the slow kids"
yeah
binet initially made the test for kindergarteners because the school wanted to know which kids needed the most help right
which I think is not reflected in standard iq tests
ok, what I meant was that creativity is a component of intelligence
ok but listen
"measured"
it's not very useful though
anythign can be measured that doesnt mean its accurate or correct
but it can be somewhat measured
ok, I spoke too early, creativity is not objective
So if you really want an accurate representation of puzzle solving then you have to have a sample of all types of puzzles, but then again it’s not accurate because people have different strengths.
but the iq test was, historically, *never meant to determine intellect* and it still doesnt
yes
Puzzle solving can be measured but only if you can confine it to one specific puzzle, but then again people think differently when it comes to different puzzles.
Oh okay
not thet puzzles = creativity
no hes not saying puzzle solving and creativity are both things that can be measured
like puzzles be different
????
How is it even creative
and most puzzle-solving measures are time based and also too general. a guy might be able to solve a rubrics cube in 30 seconds but takes 35 minutes at a sudoku puzzle and 3 hours to solve a word puzzle
Wait how does puzzle solving help measure creativity
oh i gave an agree emote
^ biggest agree
for the life of me how the fuck do you measure creativity objectively its inherently subjective
it's too general to make any useful kind of conclusion
iq is not useful because it's not specific enough
I think that there are certain aspects of intelligence that can be objectively, reliably, and verifiably measured. Puzzle-solving would be an example of one of those aspects, and creativity as well.
iq is psuedoscientific bull
yeah i guess
not really the practice of iq testing
also, that's a failure of the school system
I mean, the binet test is not exactly the best test ever
yeah, it all depends on whether or not they have the motivation to work in order to succeed. Kids with high IQ are identified early on so the teachers can focus on them and push them to work to succeed, and a good chunk of those kids end up burning out in high school or college because they never had the motivation in the first place, and then on are seen as failures.
but i really cannot stress enough that binet designed the iq test for french schoolchildren
also the adversity score redundant to me since there's already affirmative action on the college level which essentially has the same effect
being able to "objectively" quantify intelligence and distill it into a number is dishonest at best and fascist at worst
I mean I think successful people won't necessarily have a high iq but there's probably a slight positive correlation with it and a higher iq
overall i think potential and iq is bullshit
Forever tinkering, wielding his IBM punch cards, working with the College Entrance Examination Board (today’s College Board), Brigham developed Princeton’s “bogey,” a predictive score based on entering students’ high school grades and SAT numbers—to identify languishing students and spur them to fulfill their potential. And he initiated the Advanced Placement program, a resounding educational success inculcating excellence.

Ironically, as Brigham and others refined the tests, their precision undermined their initial goals, mocking their bogus biological distinctions. Standardized tests helped talented immigrants and minorities breach the elite’s ivy-covered bunkers. Validated by “objective” scores demonstrating their aptitude, Jews, Russians, Poles, Italians, Hungarians—and eventually blacks, Hispanics, and Asians—helped make college admissions more merit based.

By 1930, Brigham’s article “Intelligence Tests of Immigrant Groups” concluded: the infamous Army “study with its entire hypothetical superstructure of racial differences collapses completely.” By the 1950s and 1960s, the top universities were “talent searching,” looking for the “brainy kids,” regardless of ethnicity, Jerome Karabel writes in The Chosen: The Hidden History of Admission and Exclusion at Harvard, Yale, and Princeton. The number of legacy admissions dropped as entering SAT scores soared. At Yale, the median SAT verbal score jumped from 634 in 1957 to 697 in 1966.
iq was meant for kindergarteners and is objectively bullshit
and iq is semi-ok at measuring that
iq doesn’t define potential though, it’s basically how quickly you can process logical puzzles
which is determined partly by how intelligent you are
but definitely a large part of success depends on how much potential you have
I mean, not completely of course
I would argue that it is
lol social darwinism amirite
iq is *not* indicative of future success
to prove that white people were smarter?
wait, the sat was designed as an iq test?
and he was inspired by binet's iq test
yeah i should’ve known that oops
the sat was invented by a eugenicist racist phrenologist in 1926 right and he wanted to make it so that colleges wouldnt be infiltrated any more by THE JEWS and like the irish and hungarians and stuff but mostly jewish people
ok
they're online
also, they do provide practice tests
fuck the college board
why would they do that
psshhh, that's losing money
The college board could literally give money to some of the schools that are having trouble with funding so that they could, y’know, provide tutors or more practice tests, or SOMETHING
yeah
wait really?
adversity is definitely a problem and plays into how people see other's merit but the entire point behind having a standardized test is that it's, you know, standardized
colleges are already moving away from the sat by becoming more and more test optional ~~ironically because sats scores are what got The Disadvantaged into college in the first place~~
like, their job is to design a test which is hopefully a good predictor of college success
ah yes let’s add scores to people who have challenges in their lives, basically giving them a free pass, so that they can succeed later on in life!!!!!!!!
I don't think it's the college board's place to do stuff like this
yeah
so I don't think colleges are going to start dismissing it completely
it’s stupid
it's just an additional thing
the adversity score doesn't directly change what your SAT score is
hnnngh
tbf that’s true
its not hard to get a fake if youre rich
bc all thats gonna happen is that schools are gonna ignore sat stuff
But then again that can be easily debunked by having each student bring either a school ID or drivers license to the test
but the argument to be made for it is like: oH but The Rich™ can hire smart students to take the test for them.
to have fair and equitable acceptance standards
ultimately this shouldnt be on college board to do and instead on the schools
yeah
idk! its a bad idea
also how is adversity supposed to affect the test
i think directly changing the sat score is Much because theres no guarentee how they would calculate "adversity"
yeah i think thats fair
But if the college board could offer resources online as well as maybe one of the classes like English could spend a few days having tutors that do SAT prep or something.
(other than this being kind of funny/sad cause of my grandfather ‘s view, would like to actually discuss this) 
I mean if they truly want people in poorer areas to succeed, they should be given resources to *access* if they’d like to succeed, like if the college board did actually provide tutors/classes during a time where some students could actually attend. I can see some of the problems that can already be pointed out, like if it’s such a poor area that some of these kids need to work after school and can’t afford to miss work and stay to study for SATs.

not to say i'm against affirmative action or anything, i just see it and similar programs as band-aid fixes
i have to agree, imo providing a method of class mobility to the most exceptional of the disadvantaged does nothing to actually challenge widespread, systemic stratification; if anything, it helps enforce it by creating a *veneer* of something resembling meritocracy
this is just dumb and doesn't help whatsoever
https://www.cbsnews.com/news/sat-adversity-score-college-board-will-use-sat-exam-to-give-students-adversity-score-in-bid-to-level-playing-field/
Design daddies 🤙🏼🤙🏼🤙🏼
So meta
Wow Angela has Angela as her picture
also what is design daddies
the noodle
My dad the absolute legend

I agree
@Peacheon the extra money was worth
the degree itself
not the people
since when do people highly rate business majors
Chocolate
business majors
suburbia
table runners
china cabinets
makeup
cars
the beatles
bacon products
A normal day here at the office


It tends to worsen with lack of sleep though
Well, 4:00 pm+ thing
I mean it was an all-day thing
Lack of sleep tends to do that
I think staying up to 4 in the morning might worsen fear
(Though, it's not what's keeping me up bc I had it from morning to noon.  Liked, finished it ~12 pm)
I don't think it was this, but I did have a medium v sweet latte, so maybe the coffee + sugar is adding to this heightened sense of fear/anxiety?
and I had a hard time breathing (chest tightening) and my heart was still beating fairly quickly a little aterward
but the atmosphere really got me
plot was not that great and I can say that I've definitely seen scarier things
It's called *The Rain*
at least not the first ep
It wasn't a very good one either
I think I've also just been very jumpy all day from watching a thriller (though I had to close my eyes and cover my ears, so it was kind of a horror for me)
But seeing her face freaked me out a lot, and now I don't think I can sleep for a couple hours
Like I knew about the incident that happened with her beforehand
and I regret it a lot
I looked up Kitty Genovese
I'm scared of getting nightmares
Anyone awake rn?
That's a cute version of sponge bob

naw I didn’t
do you still have to go to the school before the test or nah
yikes
Joe am I gonna be there until 6 pm no ty

someone in the ap discord said how his school was 10 min away from the shooting and how they continued to test even after knowing it was going on
oh :(
colorado school got shot up yesterday?
uber drivers striking is good not dangerous
why what else is going on
Damn...stay safe everyone...what in the world is up with today?
i’m scared to go to school a shooting threat is in effect for the rest of the week
Juno drivers are striking too if anyone uses that
So please don't use either app today in solidarity with them
Hey just a heads up today (Wednesday) Uber and Lyft drivers are going on strike
It's ok I had no hopes of passing physics c
Oof
psa
physics 1 was hard
Well I feel TRANSCENDENT because I can appreciate art unlike you centrist cucks
Thank you Lunar I feel blessed on this blessèd day
Amazing
It was actually Philip II
Alexander the great avoided Sparta
Won the pelopenessian war
someone who knows more about ancient greece can help finish it thanks
Also, I absolutely want to see a recreation of it in the chad meme format
erica, you're right and you should say it
It's been stuck in my head all day
I still can't believe the Chad Sparta and Virgin Athens comment omfg
rip
jesus christ
For French this Wednesday they told us the test might take 5 hours if there’s technical difficulties
The good part of it was that it was on computers but the bad part was that it was on computers since it took 10 decades to troubleshoot things
Just finished ap Chinese finally
it’s kind of surreal that everyone in the country has the same tests on the same day
the chad sparta and the virgin athens
sparta was just the jock to the nerd of athens
But I didn't take AP gov so I trust you
Idk dual monarchies can be tricky
Sparta
So what's the best government?
I wanna day I got a 5
The short answer questions and the mc seemed easy but not the long essay that was tough
Just finished gov
woo that's me
or apes or chinese!
gl to anyone taking gov tomorrow!
woah, that's super cool
they've raised $18000 today alone it's pretty wild
(@Xompop )
https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/rolled-out-a-love-letter-to-super-monkey-ball#/
so idk if any of y'all played Super Monkey Ball when you were walking, but someone is making a modern monkeyball-based game that looks incredible
Wholesome
https://reddit.app.link/M3KNpdn4rW
@fizzy lifting drinks we'll make cheese ***together***
- learn how to draw at a fourth grade level
- hrt, grs, etc
- afford food

by some point idk
be good enough at a game that people want me to be pro, but i just don't
Be a professional fortnite streamer by 17
i want to uh
the works
europe
make cheese
work in desired field by mid 20s
~~I also have that down on my list of places to go to~~
it's romanticized a lot
London is just one of those cities
Once I'm out of school and have my own apartment/house (~23-ish), I want to pick up all of the hobbies I've been putting off: 
• cooking + baking
• sewing + designing clothes
• drawing
Why London specifically?
By age 30
1. Have a spiritual experience with friends in a cabin deep in the woods
2. Have a successful performance in front of an audience
3. Write a few short stories
4. Maybe have a PhD in Chemistry
5. Have a job in a field I would like that pays decently
6. Make cheese
7. Make soap
8. Be a hobby brewer
9. Go to London
dang okay 👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻
I just wanna be jacked by my 20s and have a 100k salary by my late 20s
@​here
May the 4th (Be With You), 2019 — Question of the Day:
Do you have a list of things to do by X age?  A list of things that you’ll start doing by X age?  (If so, what’s on these lists?)
Those were cute pics
Prepare for picture overload
I’ll do it in nautilus in a bit
anywhere my dude
Where can I spam pics
Okay hi
Do I know you
did you go by another name
;)
hey @crepe I'm also listening to If I can't have you
what
well im in
you open the box and its just a half eaten sandwich with a note that said "my wife left me"
their food is all bad they cant make a worse meal
like
what does that even entail?

this is the darkest timeline
also tell me how it goes !  I want to hear all about it  c :
(( in all seriousness, have fun at Prom !!!!!  have a wild time out there ))
You should get her to ask us questions and eventually pick someone at the season finale
We’ll do this Bachelor style
I’ll send her everyone’s credentials
gosh no respect here
I called dibs forever ago
NO
ok thx
Now I can finally find out if she's really real or not
Dibs
or whoever calls it first
will u do the honors
i need someone to take my gf
no tim
i thought i was : (
<3
Bridger’s my date btw
😍
I post pics later aaaaaaaaAAAAA
Today’s my prom
i guess thats what i get for being an illiterate
i just checked
oh fuck im a dirty liar echks u were right i got the news shows mixed up wrt polls
):
damn thats a big project
oh no
which is just
yeah just dropping it to a B
will they accept it late?
f
i forgot a project at home and now i have a 0 for a summative grade ahHHHHHHH
as if "less controversial war crimes" is a high bar
as a VP he was almost completely centered on iraq, at least in his first term, and even then i wouldnt call the obama administrations role "doing better"
and as for "he's made good progress on all of those issues since" wrt the war on drugs, if anything he's bolstered his opinion and policy since on the issue and other really shitty and awful Justice System issues, between 1994's expanded death penalty and mandatory drug testing and the RAVE act and the rest of his shit as head of the narcotics caucus
cnn was the monmouth poll where they straight up lied and gave biden an extra 3%
that was msnbc but yeah
the only poll i remember is the cnn one that only used results from ages 50+
which polls have you seen @Willful Alpaca (Mark)
also, what the fuck does "polling against trump" even mean were over a year out from the actual elections, no one is nominated yet, biden might not even be the nom, hello? with the amount of Vote Blue No Matter Who fervor right now pretty much Any One of the chuckleheads in the running right now have a better-than-normal chance of beating one of, if not the most unpopular president in history
experience, maybe, but that feeds into Name Recognition
in terms of actual policy there's almost nothing to distinguish them
the only difference between biden and one of the 0% pollers like moulton or swalwell is Name Recognition.
The thing is that winning the election is less about making people from the other side vote for you, and more about getting your own people to vote. We lost in 2016 (in part) because our candidate wasn't able to motivate people to get out there, and honestly Biden is one of the least inspiring Democratic candidates out there
also his poll numbers are grossly and unethically misreported by mainstream news when compared to the literal data they come from
history has shown that the early frontrunner, esp this far out, is not guarantee of a win in the primaries, so bidens hardly the top contender for actually getting the nom in terms of popularity (a recent example is that this time 4 years ago, Jeb! was the top republican candidate)
> The guy is the top guy in terms of polling against Trump
"nominating biden is like nominating another four years of trump
man will not win"
So whatever you're trying to do will only be done worse
Also the problem with Biden's healthcare stance is that it starts from a point of compromise. The biggest lesson from Obama's presidency is that you can't do that, because you'll never be able to negotiate yourself into a stronger position
oh and buttigieg is an All Lives Matter antivaxxer whose town has a poverty rate of 2x the natl average.
and echks is right: centrism and establishment politics arent enough in the modern era when most people, right and left, are itching for change of some kind and the name of the centrist game is status quo. he'll never win
the US doesnt need "healing", for dems and republicans to hold hands on the senate floor and sing kumbaya, because "healing" just means a return to pre-and-mid Obama era policies and culture: aka shoving racism and sexism under the rug in the name of Tolerance and letting the 1% bloat even further (because surprise, Biden is a unique candidate in that he willingly and shamelessly bathes in corporate cash and is well known to be deep in megacorp pockets). "healing" is a death sentence of stagnation for a country that desperately needs change
biden is weak and feckless, his voting and legislative history is farther right than the democratic party, and he will utterly change nothing because everything about his policies and campaign (minus a handful of shiny progressive platitudes to catch peoples attention) is calling for a return to the old way
man will not win
nominating biden is like nominating another four years of trump
/done
Finally, Biden has made a lot of proposals (e.x. 15$ minimum wage) that both appeal to the left of the party as well as ordinary, blue collar workers, who are the *real* battleground populations of the election, not the extremes of the democratic party
While the bill won't get passed anyway, saying that progress shouldn't be made because it isn't *enough* is just plain counterproductive, something successful politicians (e.x. Obama) condemned
http://nymag.com/intelligencer/2019/03/bernie-sanders-wont-back-house-democrats-obamacare-bill.html
Something Bernie and his wing have completely declined to do
As for empty words re: healing, even basic things like being willing to work across the isle and make slow but steady progress is a start
b) I think the majority of current democrats would have or did support many of those policies back in the 90s (See HRC), and while it's super easy for AOC to say on Twitter that the Iraq war was a mistake, it's different from actually being there and opposing it from the start
a) He's made good progress on all of those issues since, particularly as VP
2) But I think the point against Biden isn't entirely fair because while he was complicit in the A. Hill hearings + war on drugs + Iraq war:
1) I actually like buttigieg a lot
"biden's record is a racist garbage fire just support buttigieg tbh"
wait buttigieg did gentrification never mind
starting to think these mainstream neoliberals might be...complicit in the systemic racism present in this country???!! <:thinkeyes:360349462721200129> <:thinkeyes:360349462721200129>

biden's record is a racist garbage fire just support buttigieg tbh
"trying to heal society" comes across as just kinda empty words to me
but he also played a major role in the war on drugs and has ties to a lot of corporations
and pretty much every democratic candidate has their own plans and goals beyond beating trump
he's too conservative for me
Also I like his focus on trying to heal the society and not just "beat Trump"
His sense of humour needs some work but ideologically/policy wise he's my guy
I like Biden
oh that looks really cool!
it’s nebula time
i think i can fix it
Well the part that didn't get fucked looks beautiful
i made a mess oops
🤢
liberals
why
just
why he’s even leading in the polls
and george w bush was a guy
yet we currently already have a president who has also said some very questionable things
^^^^^^^^^^
if you feel like you have to say that you shouldn’t be running for president
hmmMm
i dunno, biden has really been courting the libertarian crowd lately
he really does seem like the perfect libertarian candidate
now that i think about it
mm
really cool guy!
he also paid brazilian prostitutes to shit in his mouth
YOGA?????
he WHAT
because he can probably
how/why in the world is he even running
umm
he also wrote a few books on yoga
John McAfee killed 2 people, raped someone else, and is wanted dead by the belizian government
well vermin supreme is just me 40 years from the future but holy crap McAfee
tsk tsk
wow the candy  crush addiction has returned
and it just hit me how much time I’ve spent on it
It’s been 2-3 months, and I’m on level 703 of this Candy Crush-esque game
but like
I didn’t realize how addicted I was
oh my god
normal fucking country..
that sounds like a trainwreck
is going on
also what
the legend
Vermin Supreme
oh my god
the guy who was on the sweet escape with gwen stefani is running for president
i know i keep saying i want elements of the late 19th century back but thats not one of them!
also apparently the prohibition party still exists
the ceo and founder of fucking McAfee Virus Scans is going head to head with a guy named Vermin Supreme
in fierce competition over in the libertarian party
in the uh
theres a lot of independents but we should only add the ones with any traction
so I don't actually know who's running in independent parties
yeah
I just didn't see any other than Dem and Rep on the website I was using when I initially set up the doc
we should add them too
oh yeah
independents
oh minus the uh
ooh yeah
v comprehensive and lots of info
or maybe annoucements
make a post in serious seashore i guess? that would be the best space
Also, for everyone reading this rn: it's a spreadsheet database on everyone in the 2020 election rn
valid yeah
I could just have people ask for link + share it with their emails?
hmmm
or share it with verified people and then change doc permissions
u could? make a copy of it?
idk
Yeah, that's definitely true
part of the problem too is that with Anyone Has Access links everyones anonymous so if something got wrecked theres no way to verify the identity
They use the same link but change access perms
no? fuck
uhhh no
Like, I currently have one going and it's edit
they generate a new link dont they
ummm, I don't think I can do specific access links
suggestion only*
comment only? wouldnt want griefing just bc this is a bigger server yknow
mmmmmmmmm
I'm considering whether or not to share the 2020 elections spreadsheet here
you're valid
so idk, bout the same as most elections
a feeling that can only be described as steel fibers in my lungs, laced with irritation and disgust
'ellas
'ow're we feelin' 'bout the '20 'lections**
how are we feeling about '20 'lections fellas

you guys need to watch that clip lmao https://clips.twitch.tv/PlumpHelplessSnakeWholeWheat?tt_content=player_title&tt_medium=clips_embed

big mood
(tfw no nitro)

POGU
wtf big brain
**Scroll up in chat for codes for these games + add reactions to codes above if you use them up**
• Super Daryl Deluxe - somewhat like hip-hop vibes metroidvania
• Aaero - indie rhythm game
• Rock of Ages 2: Bigger & Boulder™ - weird racing(?) game
• Sniper Elite 3 - you snipe people
• Rapture Rejects - created by same people who made Cyanide & Happiness, humour
• Hard Reset Redux - steampunk FPS
• The Dwarves - fantasy RTS with a storyline (pausable)
• Sniper Elite V2 - 
• Sniper Elite - 
• Resident Evil Revelations - you shoot zombies and try to escape
• NeuroVoider - roguelite bullethell (co-op)
• HITMAN™: THE COMPLETE FIRST SEASON - stealth, you assassinate people with guns
• Seven: The Days Long Gone - open-world, stealth, action RPG
• Purrfect Date - silly + cute visual novel dating sim with cats
• Darkside Detective - pixel graphics detective game
• Sundered - metroidvania platformer, pretty artstyle
• >observer_ - cyberpunk psychological horror game
• Slipstream - arcade racing game
• Fight'N Rage - action beat-'em-up, pixel graphics
• Paradigm - hella trippy point-and-click game, supposed to be comedic
• Late Shift - FMV Choose-Your-Own-Adventure, crime
• Tower Unite - "it's like Second Life or something" (MMO)
• EARTH DEFENSE FORCE 4.1 The Shadow of New Despair - action third-person-shooter
• Warhammer: Vermintide 2 Collector's Edition - first-person fantasy hack-and-slash
• Steel Rats - racing platformer!  v arcade-like
• She Remembered Caterpillars - indie puzzle game, cute graphics
• Tannenberg - WWI multiplayer FPS
• MINIT - cute rogue-lite indie adventure (think Undertale)
• Absolver - MMO action fighting game
• Northgard - strategy city-builder based on Norse myths
the only way to give out money is charity
its like when you have no friends
Daaaaaayuum....Humble bundle hooks a brother up, doesnt it?
Wooooooah nelly....
it's too hard for my small brain
if anyone uses uplay and wants the division just ask me
(also if you redeem a game you should put like an emoji on it so others know not to redeem it themselves)
xd
you've been typing for 10 minutes and its really stressing me
(im proud i managed to despite all that not lose money on humblebundle)
hey we did it
Northgard - JJW67-HFGFA-ZP802
Absolver - HC0GI-2Q7TG-HV9AF
ooh tannenberg
MINIT - EQXXY-EKACK-C2Y6T
Tannenberg - C7K0X-I5TXT-AI3BF
She Remembered Caterpillars - 9ZJXR-67H9J-ABB4G
Steel Rats - C5MWY-E3M2E-CV0BP
Warhammer: Vermintide 2 - Collector's Edition - JREAK-ICEIE-6I632
a lot
because it has dlcs
then private message me
If anyone wants the game 
EARTH DEFENSE FORCE 4.1 The Shadow of New Despair
next game has 20 billions dlcs
Tower Unite (it's like Second Life or something) - ELJY5-EDRXB-W3YEB
Late Shift (it's a fmv game released after the year 1990 pretty rare !!) - E6TKX-QN245-V8H8J
Paradigm - E5TBI-WZNIF-NRE6H
Fight'N Rage -  E8IXA-5BV9Q-7IADM
Slipstream - E9GJX-RGBNT-JWB4F
>observer_ - INHI5-AVYV5-CIYLW
Sundered (I heard from a review it's a pretty bad metroidvania with a really confusing art style but yeah) - IKX84-XEW4G-K882C
Darkside Detective - IFYZN-C4I8X-TMIMR
would recommend for a short time
Zombie Army Trilogy - HJ7N6-50WA5-VP7A7
v silly
oooh, Purrfect Date is p cute
Purrfect Date (it's like dating visual novel with cats i think) - HCMY0-L2YXA-B5X29
game above: INAT3-XYIZC-MXBYT
https://store.steampowered.com/app/471010/Seven_Enhanced_Edition/ this?
what is this game
Seven: The Days Long Gone
humblebundle doesn't know how to actually name games
Oh, also, I'm going to take the first lootbox link then, if no one minds ahh
HITMAN™: THE COMPLETE FIRST SEASON - P699L-RR3JE-X59QT
so is it the full game
oh it's episodic
is it just hitman
and idk what it actually is
so I have this 
HITMAN™: THE COMPLETE FIRST SEASON
instead of the game
idk why but theyd rather show the less than 1 euros dlc
Honestly the shooting zombie games in arcades freaked me out a lot
steam search made it hard to find it
I wouldn’t actually get it though
o
RE
which one
NeuroVoiders - I3DPM-L37FD-YY9IE
ooOoh zombies but I’d be too scared
Resident Evil Revelations (on sale) - LKHG5-L0FQY-PH9X2
Sniper Elite - J4M5V-P9ZDI-C2HNA
Sniper Elite V2 - JW70Q-EJ2NB-PMVKY
The Dwarves (somehow costs 40 bucks) - L6YK7-I8732-Z467B
Hard Reset Redux - KL230-B2VRX-K77BB
DLC for Rapture Rejects - ENWGM-2Q0ZT-EFG2T
Rapture Rejects - F26ZN-VE2JY-TXJV2
Sniper Elite 3 - GJZBN-8QBDE-WR84R
Rock of Ages 2: Bigger & Boulder™ - GCXX5-7BQ92-LP9QN
Aaero G598K-XHGT0-PX4R7
it won a prize from taco bell (idk why but i think its funny)
Super Daryl Deluxe - EWJ3W-A4X76-5R9RP
Okay so I've got a lot of steam codes for games I don't really care about so I'm gonna just put a lot of them out here
thanks!
I figure I can leave it for someone else
you can take both
I took the 2nd lootbox link
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
so you know
but I have some games that requires those
Idk how it works with Uplay / Origins
ALSO
https://www.humblebundle.com/gift?key=eKuXkvW3wcxfprGY
https://www.humblebundle.com/gift?key=qCP8xykpqDBfK684
anyone want overwatch lootboxes lmao
that I don't really care about
there's at least 1/2 of them
and like
Ok so I have a lot of Humble Bundles steam codes
neat
My Station is just the standard edition, 
Crowd Faves are popular songs in the same genre/similar sounds, 
Discovery helps you find new faves, 
Deep Cuts are unpopular/lesser-known songs by the artist (or similar ones? idk about this part yet),
Artist Only is basically exactly what it sounds like
now it's even better
they buffed Pandora

Overwatch players go hard
At 2 am, 5 of them are in a call playing overwatch
Coach: we’ve stopped scrims this week due to it being finals week
Lol
thats awesome, hope u have fun with them
oh nice !!
I got into contact with the coach for the team and he says he’s gonna invite me to play with them later (not today)
Ez clap
Gonna have to grind up to gm where I belong this summer
We've got an esports club too, which I know includes overwatch but not much beyond that
So I can’t go to the party and get pizza and watch mayhem get stomped by a team I like
All my favorite teams don’t play mayhem anymore this season
Ew
I just found out they go to mayhem watch parties
i keep forgetting danger is a florida man too
my school has jack shit
Here in Miami
FIU
My school has an esports club, so I assume that comes with an OW team o;
ooh, which school? o:
I’m applying to it as soon as school year starts that sounds hella rad
I just found out my college has an overwatch team
Omg
the new notifications are hella ugly too
and the new Discord update is ugly as heck
I finally got on my laptop today
oh my god robin you were right
I’m so right
you're so right
you're so right
you’re so right
for some reason I see Robin doing this when he's 80 too
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/558043577477890073/569811789823344640/image0.jpg
ew wtf why is it green now
i far prefer the generally higher emphasis on mobility, more options for tech, and drastically higher player influence on How each individual champion plays
but the gameplay wasnt as fun imo
idk balance wise it seemed that way to me
paladins IS unironically better than OW @pi
Idk some thing id maybe try is decrease team size so it actually feels like you do something when you get a kill
Yeah its not an easy thing to fix most of the time
How would you improve it?
I’m trying to think of ways that I’d try to improve these flaws, but balancing/the mechanical parts of game design aren’t my forté
Hmmm
Combat also didnt feel rewarding to me a lot of times
It kind of relied on you having teammates to jump in
Yeah, okay, that’s fair too
But I didn’t mind it too much bc of all the other abilities
And a lot of fights for 1v1 just seem to drag on sometimes
That’s valid
First of all the left clicking for that bit of damage just isnt fun imo
And what aspects of it?
Why is that?
I’ve been meaning to try Paladins for a while, but I don’t usually play multiplayer games alone ahh  ; u ;
I mean also warlords combat would have to be heavily redesigned for it to be popular
bc OW and TF2 are created by large companies so they have lots of rep + money for ads
Paladins unironically looks better than OW but im too lazy to get into it
paladin was my main in warlords
Okay, fine, it has the potential to be as popular as Paladins
Also yeah idk about that
hey maybe itll be on hytale
but also yeah wow combat is super boring
idk about that
It has the potential to be up there with TF2 and OW
I wish Hypixel would make WL an actual game (and take it out of MC bc no one plays it on the server anymore)
So I really can’t play WoW to get a WL experience
I mean, the Warlords classes are based on WoW classes, but the gameplay is completely different
goats = warlords
or just play goats 4Head
World of Warcraft
There is the game it was based on
Well
yeahhh
huh that actually explains so much of your videogame tastes
Overwatch has points and payloads
Like Warlords — that was cap the points, team deathmatch, etc.
Ohhh, I just realized that I really like objective-based games.  huh
I’d play the heck out of it
I wish there was something like it out there
It was my favourite game on Hypixel
I love Warlords
that was crazy man
where pyromancer was tankier than the actual tank classes in crusader and defender and could one shot u from across the map
any yall remember warlords
It's ok it's time for the week of stir fry
Yeah
but the diet restrictions wouldn't be as bad for a lot of other people as they are for you
I guess
My ancestors suffered so now I have to
Yeah, though that's kinda the point
unlucky that passover pretty much prohibits everything you eat
rip
And also greatful because I'm gonna spend this week on the brink of starvation so I need all the food I can get
that sounds good yum
ooooh
My grandmother found a recipe for matzoh lasagna for Passover and it's actually really good I'm shook
You sly dog 😍
Ohoho
Why would I want to kiss you only when I’m leaving?
We need to recreate the situation, kiss me goodbye and i'll let you know of any developments in 5-7 business days
it's really not that bad though, I've had it at least 5/6 times
well I'd be on the lookout for it, and definitely go to a clinic / doctor if you start getting any symptoms
guess you'll die
I wonder if I might have a problem
So
And today she went to the doctor and they told her she has strep throat
I gave my gf a kiss goodbye on Friday
So um
moomin is my favorite finnish thing
MOOMIN!
MOOMIN @timfoolery
it got an anime and everything
yall missing out on this piping hot pastoral mid-century finnish lesbian childrens media
never seen them
these creatures
no

isn't that an overwatch league player?
do you know what a moomin is
do you
this is important
guys
Quality pics from Anime Boston



GladPlane !!
I enjoyed
nobody enjoyed : (
I made a political compass meme please enjoy
also rip my reddit account's only 3 years old
there is? huh
I mean technically but nobody uses it
is there a friends system or no
feels good
My account should be 6 years old soon I should check that
Good for you
who's proud of me
i finally made a reddit account
Same
dang idk any of those besides maddy
Huh surprised they recruited for volleyball
Maddy, Will Kh., Ashley W. for volleyball, and maybe Nora L. (tho idk about the last one really -- it just says so outside of the Culinary room)
4 people
Actually
or lucky
damn our school is smart
really? I only knew that maddie got in
At least 3 people got into Harvard for our class this year
Thats like our class of 2018 where 3 people got into Harvard
getting into really great schools, yet the acceptance rates are going down
I'm just very surprised that there's so many strong applicants this year
Well like I am not obsessed with them
you fetishize ivies too much
I know 3 people in my school who got into Stanford
class of 2019 is insane
hater
Also Mulan 2 is even more historically inaccurate than the first
Gucci
Phenomenal
Exceptional
Amazing
Stardust, on the other hand, was a great movie
They were so one-dimensional
i liked the relationships between the princesses and the soldier guys
it was ok
I almost forgot that existed
Mulan 2 was a godawful movie

Yes we always maintain a high quality of discussion
qUaLiTy CoNvErSaTiOnS

Pi's quote tho

What a great last screenshot
Quality conversations
I was going through pins and . . .
@Sugasmoove🖤
also I support the shave it all crowd
If you can grow it out on your chin, that would look good, everywhere else its too thin imo
shave it all
Yes
^
Shave half your face
She claims to have no opinions
My gf is extremely indecisive
esp when you’re dressed up
Just bc clean-shaven usually makes you look sharper
It looks v good (!!!), but if you’re asking for my opinion I’d shave it for Prom
I agree with Robin
i feel like you pull off facial hair relatively well
Looks pretty good imo, though I feel like your girlfriend would be more qualified to answer this than us lol
Do I shave before prom or grow it out some more
Gamers what do you think
But now that I think about it, it could be smoother/easier ?
I can’t imagine using a controller to move
it should be keyboard vs controller not pc vs console
you can play on console??
http://www.strawpoll.me/17825268
ehhhhh
I liked it pretty good.
^^
it was watchable but definitely not good
http://www.strawpoll.me/17818581
^^ the last one is very pretty too
!!!!!
i LOVE the last one
~~My hair is an introvert confirmed~~
My hair does this weird thing where it takes like half of the day to settle down (and it’s a mess in the morning), but it’s always best at night when I’m at home  ; u ;
the black one looks awesome
My hair was such a mess in the beginning ahhhh
stoop no u
oh my god Angela you look beautiful
I think my favourites were:
• the black lowcut (with the three white rings around the waist) ((looks much better in person ahhh))
• the white one-shoulder
• the last white one with the light-gold pearl top
if you could find like dress 3's design with dress 1's shape that would be like aperfect dress
the first silhouette is really good
(( I’m also super into the snapback; so sad I didn’t buy it ahhh ))
That was my least favourite
Definitely not the black + blue skirt
~~maybe the Bone Suckin’ Sauce looks best on me~~
I honestly cannot tell which one I like the best









Macy’s is hella pricey
which did u like the most tho
valid
none; we were just window-shopping :P

which did you get?
oo multiple
my hair was a mess today ahhh


pretty!!!

oh yeah here's me too

prom pics <3333
(pics incoming in a few hours)
Prom dress shopping is so extra but fun

i'll dm it instead
i know what i could post but it's lewd
👀
I was thinking "thinking emoji with eyebrow wiggles" and it that gif popped up and it worked-ish ?
no
?
😉
that is not an appropriate emoji
ok no
😜
I was trying to find a non-creepy/silly way to bring it up bc I definitely wasn't expecting that at all
if someone beats my libidinal score then i will salute them
oh
https://tenor.com/view/agree-gif-5621711
yeah a lot of this is completely wrong

I was surprised by how low sensitivity was and how high competitiveness was, but I can also see it i guess, because those are two things for me that shift from time to time
I agree with most things, I think

Also
I thought the same thing too when I initially saw it
it's ok then but still l o l
Ye
ohhh okay it's based on the averages of respondents
Its not feminine vs masculine, its a raw score and then it shows the averages for the score of women and men respectively
Look at how the results work
Its not though
THIS IS THE MOST SEXIST TEST LMAO
IM
"Don't like sex."
I mean that's understandable
I understand sometimes having morbid curiosity, but I think warfare is just not my thing
also in defense of the war question, sometimes there's just that morbid curiousity and fascination
oops, I took it halfway through and just forgot about it

for you
what are the results
I approve of it now knowing that it’s more of a statistical survey rather than a results page (“You are . . . xyz.”)
Ohh, I see how the test works now, with the results bars.
Its measuring whether or not youre stylish
Its not measuring feminine vs masculine in that one
Style
“Own a formal dress or tuxedo.”
This also doesn’t tell you anything
Like, I’m not opposed to masculinity/femininity tests, but this one is just bad
Men are generally better because most firefighters are men, but thats a dumb question
I mean
LOL
“Would be good at rescuing people from a burning building.”
???
Okay thats accurate though
“Remember my friends' birthdays.” because men don’t remember friends’ birthdays
I mean stereotypically, it does, and this is basing things off stereotypes of how emotions work
“Don't think much about sex” because men are all about sex! sex! sex! and women aren’t
oh yeah thats dumb
Ah yes, I “Love children's art work,” and that says a lot about my masculinity/femininity
so its only moderately bad
also the style bar is just iffy in general with how they measure it
the aspect of "crying = feeling bad" and "u dont know how electrical engineering works then u dont like all science fuk u"
like its bad in
no its decent, like there are people I know who would say yes to that
This is a really bad test
nothing gets me going like the horrors of war
Ah, yes, I as a masculine man “get a kick out of the sights and sounds of warfare.”




this is kinda a bad test but its still pretty interesting
https://surveydata.online/mftest
Also the positioning and perspectives of things like hands and limbs in general is a bit too similar to be real, looks traced, or whatever you'd do to copy that
Huh, I think you're probably right ripperoni
I looked up "Dragon ball Tournament of Power poster" and a few of the results that had that image also had "Avengers" or "Infinity War" in their title as well
Really? o:
P sure the DB one is a fanmade poster based off Infinity War

Idk it looks pretty real


theres no way thats real
damn
This is wild

Someone just sent this to me on Snapchat
Guys guys guys
me
https://i.imgur.com/ZhUxrLB.png
god i love them
beautiful
https://mobile.twitter.com/BrenCasts/status/1116164540096364546
fishes, beavers, ducks and turtles
its just fishes or beavers or ducks
that are just made of water
there's no pokemons
its like
lions are already beige to begin with
i mean
its actually like a brown/gray lion but i get your point
but they just make a red lion
and yet keep the lion
you could change so much
that arent just straight up lions
they should make design
no but thats where
but it also would get stale if they just gave every fire type a mane made of fire, so its not like they should do it for every one
rapidash does the "animal with a fire mane" thing way better
now this is a failed pokemon line because it's just a lion, its mane isn't even made of actual fire
he fits the monster archetype a lot better than your typical pokemon
not really cute or cool
the slime from dragon quest
this is an iconic monster right

robin
if it's lame then its a bad pokemon
actually the best way to determine if a design is good is where it looks cute or if it looks cool
i love politoed but he is just a frog thus if you just think "pocket monster" he's one of the worst
same thing, it has the bubble elemant thus isn't a simple frog
> good design because its not just an animal, its a baby frog with airpods so it has something other than being a baby frog
so most of the pokemon xd
when you see a pokemon you aren't supposed to think that its just an animal
its not bad but i mean when people complain about "running out of creativity" in the new gens
because diglett is good but dugtrio doesn't imrpove the line
i think dugtrio is bad though
three worm
muk is a good pokemon !!
one worm
yeah people complain about the ring of keys pokemon but like...gen i had just sentient mud
mega pidgeot is good compared to its evolution line but still not good
mega pidgeot with that hurricane
pokemons aren't meant to be cute dogs or cats
not pocket animal!!
it's pocket monster! !
it's an actual monster
i love the chandelier one
it's one of the best
what about the chandelier one
Ok guys I'm gonna open up a crazy debate you guys might not like what I'm gonna say BUT, the garbage pokemon or even the ice cream cone one are way better pokemons compared to growlithe or the pidgey line
Jean Luc Mélenchon style
owned by fact and logics 😎
sick debate
you're welcome
thank you
christopher hitchens was a bitch
ANYWAYS,
and outside
that doesnt just apply here but like, every debate ive had In Here
and, to personally defend my own actions, this isnt a measured debate and i wasnt prepared. i duck out of arguments because i view it as a waste of my time and energy to debate someone who resorts to insults and strawmans and ignores on-record fact or well-backed, well-studied theory. and frankly, i dont give a shit if i look like a goof bc theyres literally no point in debating an argument so full of holes it would already be at the bottom of the ocean if not for pride and stubbornness
and that goes to basically everyone you know, that debates are draining an difficult and definitely hard on the fly, hence why debate teams prepare far in advance
i understand that knee jerk reaction, but its a losing battle and i speak from experience
i mean, whatever, people are like that. humans are inherently irrational i think, and its okay that youre not being a logical flawlessly rational robot and dont want to deal with established conventions of measured debate. its hard, and its also hard not to take things highly personal when youre presented with an argument. its something that i have had to learn in debates, and still work on.
besides the Thoughts in Your Brain
and the, like 3 sources i sent to counter your 0

if you remember how our last debate ended
also in what way shape or form was your argument proven?
after one of our previous debates (the one on marriage if you remember), i dont hold too much validity on your (admittedly presumed) role on education and facts and study when it comes to debate
and i want to call you here bc i was accused of being behind peoples backs and ofc i dont want that, heaven forbid
Go look up Nixon
The right last literally admitted to using dog whistles as an official strategy
i mean pi, before you go
erica makes people mad so they strawman her and consequently hand her the argument
this is becoming a trend
🌽
Mic drop
Peace out
And my argument is proven
ahaha okay
Dear Lord
No I dont think it exists
The problem here is that you're so hopelessly ignorant of all political thought and philosophy that your only argument to someone asking for truth and dialogue to be brought back is that theyre a right wing dogwhistler
do you think they exist or not
its not about "what dogwhistles" im asking a very basic yes or no
and if you go a bit deeper the liberals and the jews start being used interchangibly but thats another discussion
What dogwhistle?
are you denying that right wing dogwhistles exist
The media loves making outrageous headlines to garner clicks, who knew
The media is very biased, who knew
Good
You can be in search of truth, but when people just the phrase "eradication of truth" or similar it is literally echoing the rights dogwhistles
but also there is a big trend on the right wing right now to go "Media and education is controlled by liberals and brainwashing everyone but **we** know the truth"
thats not evena  paraphrase its blatant misconstruation
I think, also, "Youre not interested in being a functional human being" in kind of acting against the previous statement "Youre just so consumed by hate and polarization," because the former is very dehumanizing.
weird how i didnt say that
Im sorry but just go educate yourself
If your argument is "lmao being in search of truth is right wing racism" then yes, you are in complete ignorance of political thought
exactly
i mean, frankly, as a general thing i like open discussion and debate but a debate is not "im not going to engage with an argument that while i may disagree with, it  holds water. instead, im just gonna blah blah fuck you you dont know what youre talking about"
There's a reason Ben Shapiro's motto is "facts don't care about your feelings" is because half of his shtick is based around the so called "eradication of truth"
and also going "you dont even know what the right is and you're consumed with hate" like the only response to that is being ticked off. That's not an argument against anything we've been saying thats just a "you don't understand anything"
Instead of dismissing then outright as "hateful"
im not a debate machine
im also not obligated to debate with everyone
Having a dialog means considering the biases that are inherent in loaded terminology
correct
Youre not interested in being a functional human being
Okay. Nevermind. Bye.
🌽
Learn to have dialogue
muh horseshoe
Educate yourself
Youre just so consumed by hate and polarization
its not about the inherent argument of "destruction of truth" its about how its used
You dont even know what right wing idealogy is
Youre falling for this polarization again
Thats not even remotely true
destruction of truth is utilized as a banner that can draw people into discussions of free speech into discussions of how the cuck left is the real fascists
and it kinda ties in with the whole idea of cultural marxism which is being espoused by the right all the time which is why that entire idea is more closely tied with the right
See: lmao all socialists want people to starve and anyone who is right wing is a fascist and all fascism is racism xd
Misleading headlines are absolutely a real thing, but I think what they were saying that the "destruction of truth" is generally a mindset that is mostly applicable to people on the right
yeah bias and misleading headlines are real but its not like we're constantly being lied to by all media slightly more left than reagan
Modern politics and society's view on truth doesnt seek to search for the right answer, it seeks to polarize sides and make the other side an idiot, with no aspiration to reason with eachother
Well, I think Pierre kind of has a point, that generalizations do hurt people, but I also think that statistically (rn) Erica's point has merit
Misleading headlines designed to garner clicks
You cant deny that
Fake news is a real thing though
Right in the middle of the "age of truth"
idk what would you call the "fake news" stuff so espoused by the modern right
Its been more or less present in all of history but its never been glorified so much as now
I guess the Spanish American war was just something I imagined then
Not really
Okay but that's been a thing literally forever
Libertarian socially would be in favor of removing restrictions on people's life, eg pro gay marriage or anti drug laws
Because fear politics and pandering is something that harms everyone
Oh, why is that a yikes? o:
idk what libertarian is socially
>first reaction which, i would defend as a pretty sound one, is that "muh destruction of truth!" is largely a right-wing dogwhistle


Yiiiikes
yeah
But definitely p libertarian
Economically at least
Not sure about all of his views though
I don't think he self-identifies with the term libertarian (I don't think he's consciously thought of doing so), but he does hold some of those ideals
kind of yeah
u sent his poli compass back when we were doing that
hes authoritarian right, right
idk, obtuse for humor
you know what i mean though im just being
idk if PC has more to it than that
uhhh, well in terms of words/language that he uses he's "PC"
how they say, """"not politically correct""""
also like, isnt your brother
yeahh
ofc misinformation, but i think in the context of 2019 political discussion (because we live in a highly political/radical time), its a meaningless platitude used to push the conversation toward a thinly-veiled "dont believe the lies hissss"
I also feel like people tend to think "oh they aren't telling the truth bc they're biased [against me/my side]" and, while that does happen, it's not the majority of cases in terms of news
In the middle in that I think that it's happening sometimes, but not necessarily the majority of times.  Also, that there's just overall a lot more media being put out there and from all different sides that the actual story can get jumbled up
there are a lot of people who will prop up the banner of "truth above all", which, removed from context, i think everyone can agree is a good thing, but this isnt truth so much as "believe OUR 'truth'"
a la "fake news"
first reaction which, i would defend as a pretty sound one, is that "muh destruction of truth!" is largely a right-wing dogwhistle
I can kind of see both sides, in support and in opposition to this perspective, and I think I fall somewhere in the middle ?
And I was wondering what you guys thought
and that the actual, "real truth" isn't being put out there, or at least is being clouded by other "truths"
and that everything [referring to media -- articles, news, etc.] is biased and just appealing to audiences, so they sometimes twist stories and such
But I've been hearing a lot of people (my brother being the main one in my own personal life) say that "truth" is undervalued now
It's kind of a shame that Machine left because he was the one who initially brought up the topic of "truth" and when it was at its highest
Since I feel like the conversation has kind of lulled here, I'll just use this channel (if that's okay?) because this does kind of relate to a previous discussion:
the second your foot hits the ground of that campus it'll shoot up to #1
I'm going to #7
https://www.seeking.com/sugar-baby-university/canada
UofT
the sugar progenitor
the sugar father if you may
so who is number one?
damn
Someone did it for all the Canadian Universities
We rank them by the sugar daddy index
thats the best one
oh you're right
his dick is bigger than Eiffel, capitalism falls just a little bit every time he takes off his pants
a synthesis: we put the DEANS in the cage and give them swords
Thank
all
Which one
bernie sanders would be the best educator according to robin's system
Swap all the professors to unfamiliar subjects and have the students rate their performance
~~and that person was ber~~
scrub your deans till they're squeaky clean, people keep telling me deantel hygeine is important
no stop
roosh v publishes "BANG universities"
pick up artistry when?
Seduce each Dean and rate their performance in bed
y'all are pointing the guns at yourselves
🔫 try me
🔫 why dont YOU get back in the cage
each school holds a match to find its greatest contender and those contenders fight for school supremacy
the world is unfair robin, get back in the cage and quit complaining
GOOD POINT tim you classist elitist
That unfairly biases big schools
This is a cursed conversation
bc thats whats ethical!
we put all the kids in a cage match and whichever school has the most intact limbs has the highest education
robin no were not doing capitalism divergent
Who didn't fit it any trade
@tims earlier thing, you mean like voctech schools
Then there's this one girl
And then force them to live isolated into their own trade
get rid of higher education and force kids into trade schools after elementary school based on aptitude tests
bernie sanders was my 7th grade history teacher and now I believe the USSR won the cold war
The higher the better
Get a Geiger counter to count how good the school is
I think we should early on let kids specialize in an interest and have some exposure to a workplace setting while learning and then applying those skills. if they deicde its not for them they can switch and then job performance would be a much better indicator of education
was bernie sanders
and that higher being
we should let God rank our schools
well, clearly, because a higher being willed it to be the best school
^^^^
Have every student roll a die and the luckiest schools are the best
except for robins high five idea thats dope as fuck
the issue i think with debating this is, like angela peachy lastname said, there is no definite answer. once you stop speaking in vague general ideas (like my idea! its broad as fuck! its un-quantifiable!), then there is always an exception
doesnt mean its of less quality necessarily as one who does
robert hooke
like just because a university doesnt have a whole course on say, idk,
available classes doesnt also necessarily guarantee quality of the existing education
but the concept rests on the individual and theorectically how theyve been receptive to the education, not necessarily quality. thus, its based on the individual student and not the institution
probably a mixture of what classes are available to the student, how in depth the topics go and how on average the class does on tests? Again like not perfect but I think its not crazy to say if a class does better on testing the education is better
standardized tests don't measure intelligence as much as they measure exposure to the test material
altho again intelligence =/= education
then, idk, conflating standardized test with intelligence/education,
That doesn't really work for specialized education
aaa god no not standardized testing
oh uh
like how well students do on standardized testing is generally a good measure
Just college in general
(( I was thinking undergrad + grad ))
fair
Also that only tells you how good a school was 20 years ago
I mean I also think future life performance would probably be a strong way of measuring it, but as said before the expensiveness of a school would play a factor
Go to each school and ask professors for their best high five, then rank the school based on the average high five strength
#CCCCByTheSea
clearly, uh cape cod community college is the best school in the country
oh
like undergraduate, graduate, etc.
quality of education @NotJoe
A lot of rankings are based on research quantity and quality, which doesn't really help for undergrad
also what are we ranking schools for
test scores tend to get super boosted if schools have specific test prep things which suck ass
you could measure it using quantitative metrics like the amount of research funding, although there's a lot more that goes into a good education than just research opportunities although I think those are very important
and also correlated with wealth
test scores probably even though its kinda shitty
not necessarily but like just more recourses more probability for the school to be better
education in imo its least cynical form is just. providing someone with a mix of practical skills and tools to interpret the world
I mean yeah but usually schools with more money are better
Ask the students to fill out a 1-100 ranking on their last day and average it
^
I'd hesitate to use future life performance since it'll naturally favor more expensive schools
ik im jokes
it's just a meme on even their subreddit though
Get random bloggers to review different schools and rank them
yeah
tim die
the food is good tho
ZOOOMASSSS BBAAAyby
oh no whatever shall i do
oh no erika you've been infected with umass school spirit
and I'd say those aspects aren't really a part of quality of education necessarily
BEST FOOD
UMASS AMHERST BABEYYYY
I think school rankings should also reflect other things like endowment, job programs, etc.
The quality of the food
yeah
(ripperoni bc there's not really a definite answer)
like how well the person does later in life maybe? But then again there's a lot of factors contrbuting to that
All fair points ripperoni
I'd also argue that school rankings don't necessarily equal quality of education
Also I think that's a little hard to answer since I haven't been through college
theres no blanket statement for good education
thats very simplified but you know
i think best education is twofold: the facts, and the tools to interpret
No no no Erica you're supposed to look for the weaknesses in your argument, not his
quality of education is based off of a metric shitload of factors
probably academic thoroughness is that makes sense
yeah idk
mmm
and i dont see how its a personal attack to say "hey this person made an error in their argument that i just now caught"
What do you think "quality of education" / school rankings should be based off of?
I wanted to just bring up an earlier topic:
amrite
ethics doesnt matter so therefore neither does freespeech
Oh,
i was being censored...... so much for free speech
okay
Oh.
No he left the server
it's what he needs rn
hopefully he's actually decided to log off this time
He's gone, no point in continuing
I mean when the foundation of your argument is that there was a time when truth was more valued than today, you should be able to specify the time
Facts, yes, but ones which could have just as easily have been taken to a DM, as previously requested, rather than engage in public shaming over the fact that I specialized in something I'm good at, rather than history, which I am not.
😘
*ahem* the truth tm
they're not making a personal attack*
Uh, Erica doesn't have admin, and I don't think they're making a personal attack but more providing us with facts
It's a little extra to continue a conversation in public that I requested to be taken in private as well. So I went over the top.
Honestly I literally can't tell when you're being sarcastic
Yes, that's the point.
i think thats the intention
That's a little extra machine
Which isn’t too wacky considering I’m pretty sure Sugarfree is east coast
@Skrimiche if the thing about your classmate having an owl pro in his class was true that could only theoretically be Sugarfree, the only American pro player who’s 14 rn (in ATL Academy in contenders)
Thank you for your time.
@Peacheon I request admin privileges be revoked from this person, these messages be deleted, and the discussion dropped. They are taking advantage of my absence to continue a personal attack based upon the absence of my knowledge of historical dates.
just a margin note!
which was a feud that existed much earlier

and then when he brings up hooke v newton

and then that it disappeared around ww2

oh, sidenote as im rereading for shits and giggles: his argument isnt....contradictory but there is a mistake when he says that truth was the most valued trait for 50-100 years:
fair
That was something
Yeah I dunno
Hm??
Hm?
Hm
(have to stop being distracted @ work rn oops)
Okay, I'll take you up on that later
There we go.
Lone lord on the field on this side
Wait that's poorly phrased
But I'm not dealing with the garbage of being the lone lord on the field.
thank you for being the more rational party here
I am willing to do that.
"group think",
Anyone who cares to privately have a level conversation from scraych
Good night !
oh no, the orwellian nightmare!
It's kind of saying that it wasn't a good example
Have a nice night.
I'm done dealing with group think
Weakness is a fallacy towards untoward actions.

You said you were "ashamed of all you, including pi" for arguing points and counter points instead of "weaknesses on all sides", not for personal attacks
i continue to wallow in my self-pity pool, born of lies
but continue to go off i guess
the entire thing is paraphrased. that was the point
ouch my sensitive irrational ears
yike
WRONG
YOU DID NOT SAY IT DID NOT SEEM LIKE A GOOD EXAMPLE.
truth can certainly be argued to be undervalued but i'd suggest it's undervalued not by everyone but by certain groups who benefit from it being undervalued
Actually, I did Robin, and I shamed him for it if you read.
and as much as i love bathing, sorry, *wallowing* in my own self-pity and mediocrity, that doesnt seem like good debate form
also, the answer to the "whos we" question was only answered later with a very snide blanket answer with the tone of "werent you listening you idiot?" when that just. it wasnt an answered question
so, let me see if i understand this bit:
side 1: truth was our most valued thing as a society up until ww2
side 2: whos we
side 1: this argument from the late 17th is an example of that because the guy lying was shamed 
side 2: that doesnt seem like a good example
side 1: go fuck yourself
You had no problem when pi was making ad hominem attacks left and right
Then learn to phrase things respectfully, because until you do, you will forever be misinterpreted, and shunned for it.
and we disagree with you, but I don't think we're disrespecting (or trying to) in anyway
now that's edgy
Although he has a sore throat today.
No, he clearly took a low hanging fruit cheap shot.

And yes, it's a tall horse, I ride not a horse but a drake.
which is why we're asking you questions
we are trying to understand you
But
that's the tallest horse i've ever seen
thank you
You will wallow in the mire of self pity and mediocrity until you can learn to have respect for the people around you and their values, and learn to understand them, even if you do not agree with them.
I'm all the more done.
It clearly is.
Get out of here with semantics and read my mind.
Truth is an objective term, its whether its enforced
it becomes inherently unobjective by that definition
this feels like a deliberate misinterpretation
how is anything truthful if its "controlled" by a group
At the time, that's who it was.
so academics, maybe?
What bit about as a collective whole did you miss.
Those who were able to control the ideas of it.
society comprised of whom
which society
Or at least
what society
Society as a collective whole.
i'm trying to nail down who "we" is
That was not a shot at the argument, that was a shot at me.
I'm done here.
so your go-to example for when "we" valued truth more is when scientists in the 17th century ridiculed captain hook
also something something proto classical liberalism something something cheap shot
Yeah but Hook is cooler
Hook was eventually ridiculed for his attempted crucification crusade against Newton
isnt his name hooke
i mean even that i might argue with that echks that theyre correlated. again there are very much uneducated people with stronger moral/ethical codes than highly educated people. i will admit that this might also be largely reactionary on account of the whole "buh buh uneducated redneck hicks voted for trump" thing that #stillwithher neolibs love but like, meh
Not Hook.
Who has the unit named for them
Hook vs Newton is the classic example of when the truth was more important
depends on who you mean when you say "*our* most valued" thing
It started to disappear right around the second WW
lol no
Maybe 100.
Yes we had about 50 years where it was.
Oh its definitely not correlated with education unless it was directly about ethics.
was it ever
The truth is no longer our most valued trait.
an individual's level of morality or ethics-ness or whatever is probably pretty heavily correlated with education but they're not directly tied together
No, ethics are a dying quality.
nice
i mean it's like 1/3 ironic so its fine
fuck outta here destiny
oh true
i made this
I wish I still had Gunshots and Sventhalia
I can see that it can be frustrating sometimes, so definitely feel free to take breaks if needed !
I mean, I feel like arguments and debates are definitely helpful and informative, usually.  I think it's when people take it outside of the argument and make it personal(ly offending) is when it gets out of hand
😘
cya
no reasoning with this yankee doodle shit anyway
Stop typing
lmao
ugh yes dont stop
Let's relax everyone (✿◕ ‿ ◕✿)
Okay, well, can we avoid attacks on people?
.
its you being a shit for brains
calling you a twat after ive shown that your argument is you going "nuh uh" isnt ad hominem
ad hominem is insulting the person rather than the argument
ugh harder
like in rpgs how there's a difference between wisdom and intelligence
because both are idiotic
no im insulting both your argument and you
love this dave rubin shit
brilliant debate yall pack it up
i think he means to refer to intelligence as your natural smart-ness and education as what you Know
machine: "you insult him, rather than his argument."
pi, two minutes later: "yes it fucking is, you twat"
probably
i feel like you two are working with different definitions
you twat
yes it fucking is
intelligence =/= education
to claim otherwise is just ignorance
A PhD student will know the ethical standards of their field
Okay, but I acknowledge both of your points and I disagree with them, which is why I'm pointing out my problems with them.
Thats bullshit @fizzy lifting drinks
Hail to the great cause, Dissentery and Meusli.
I reject this heresy, this establishment, and claim my own.
They don't look at merits and counterpoints, they look at weak points in all sides of the debate.

Come to think of it, I'm ashamed of all of you including Pi.
hence, a dumb decision
Also for your corporation thing Joe, those unethical decisions that corporations do to further their own prosperity end us destroying their community, which ends up biting them in the back sooner or later
there are uneducated people  who have dropped out of middle school who still have a better understanding of morals and ethics and whatnot than some fucking phd candidates
This is how politicians work on the battlefield.
By ignoring the points and avoiding any acknowledgement and instead focusing on attacking the argument rather than recognizing the flaws imposed upon your argument you insult him, rather than his argument.
i would argue that you need to teach ethics in the same way that you "need" to teach history
And how so? [against the person thing]
i never said they dont matter i said theyre separate and you cant conflate them because your own definition of education is workforce preparedness. dont debate an argument that doesnt exist.
Yes you brought up stalin, great example that he tore right through.
We're also not saying that they don't matter, but there are also other more important factors
Therefore, I would argue that you are the ones who initiated the argument against the person, rather than the topic, not him.
also wdym by ethics matter in the workforce
I'm pretty sure we have ?
I'm going to have to point out that as of yet, you have yet to provide a counter argument example to why ethics don't matter in the workforce and education, while Pi has provided them for why they are important.
^
"smartest" has to come from a perspective that doesnt always align with what is ethical unless you're like an egoist utilitarian or some shit
^^^^
also I'd disagree with the idea that the smartest decision is usually the most ethical one, assuming we're talking about the smartest decision for yourself
yes, but im an asshole
This tells me absolutely nothing about your argument:
smart decisions for a company usually are the least ethical ones
^
You know, you could address someone's argument without addressing their person.
ouch
its clear youve got something other than a brain in your skull
alright im done here then
bruh
intellgence =/= education
actually id argue that theyre always the most ethical ones
smart decisions are usually the most ethical ones
and that was *dumb*
comrade peachy
stalin was educated but he also destroyed his country
everyone makes dumb decisions
Just looking at top CEOs for example [ex. Mark Zuckerberg, Elon Musk, etc.]
stalin seemed fine
intelligence is directly correlated with ethics
I mean, you probably do need ethics to function, but a lot of people also get far in the workplace without it
but politicians who are monsters usually make very dumb decisions
And it *will* drill you so far into the dirt you will not even be worth spitting upon.
life =/= workforce
It may not be right away, but *eventually* it will come to you
true
educated politicians can be monsters what are you talking about
goddamn
ethics is elitist
See, you need ethics to function continuously in life, or else you *will* get cut down
associating a moral/ethical ground with education is illogical and elitist
no ethics
yankee doddle
I think ethics is important to life in general, but if we're discussing the quality of education, I don't think ethics should be a major or deciding factor
then u dumb
i wouldnt say
yes
no
same with literally every other profession
a more ethical politician is typically the more *educated* politician, wouldnt you say?
cool
YOU SIR, HAVE TRIGGERED EVERY BLACK AND WHITE CELL IN MY BODY.
workforce =/= life
they are not part and parcel
I WILL NOT CHILL, I FIND THE INSINUATION THAT ETHICS IS NOT IMPORTANT TO LIFE TO BE HIGHLY QUESTIONABLE AND INSULTING.
but thats objectively wrong
^^^^^
good ethics =/= high education
how is ethics not part of education
chill
wha
ETHICS ARE *INCREDIBLY IMPORTANT* TO YOUR WORKFORCE PREPARATION, AND ANYONE WHO SAYS OTHERWISE IS *WRONG*
theyre separate
YOU ARE WRONG, SIR
and ethics has little to do with education or workforce prep
yeah, again, that just means VT has at least one professor with ethical standards
But what does that have to do with quality of education?
The faculty just isn't large enough to not have you interact
You're going to interact with him.
If you're Mechanical, Civil, Environmental Engineering, Nat Resources, or Pre-Law
So while I agree, it does absolutely nothing if you're a physics, music, or psych major
You're right, but also, there are only so many faculty in the Civil Engineering Department, or in any department
Which means that students are *bound* to interact with him at some point if they're in a similar major.
^^^^^
but like... that doesnt seem like an accurate microcosm of education at VT thst just means that VT has one professor with high ethical standards
Most other universities would have fired him for getting into public affairs.
not saying that VT ed is bad by any means
but thats kind of a loose connection
good for him
i mean
He spent several hundred thousand dollars of his life savings to go up there and figure out what was going on before funding finally kicked in.
His actions were an example of taking ethics to the next level
Flint was caught by Marc Edwards, a professor here at Virginia Tech
im out of the loop but i didnt think corporate owning of reservoirs had anything to do with sport schools
what does flint have to do with education?
~~Sorry, I was caught in a convo irl.  As I was saying. . . .~~ Niche breaks up the individual factors for you to view, and the "overall best" combines all of the rankings (idk how much the weight is, percentage-wise)
Actually come to think of it, you're right because I forgot to factor in that not everyone has the same basic needs to balance out their work/life experience
Actually, I like how niche.com does the rankings, by breaking up the different factors
But see, the quality of outside life shouldn't be a factor you judge by, because it already feeds into the education.
so I feel like the all of these individual factors should also contribute to the ranking of a school
because, I mean, most students will be comparing all of these different factors anyways, like student life (events at the uni), dorms, even food
If the quality of outside life influences the quality of education, then I feel like you should also factor in the quality of outside life
I disagree, because the quality of education is the most important thing, as the quality of outside life influences the quality of education.
But I think schools should be judged on more than quality of education
Idk, idk what I'm trying to argue here
I feel like that fluctuates a lot
hmmm
How prepared you are for the workforce.
How do you determine quality of education?
Which, I would argue that the Flint Water Crisis is actually a good reason to judge the school on our quality of education, because it's an example of preparation for ethics in the workplace.
ehhh
I don't want it to grow based off of a judgement of something other than the quality of education.
?
or reputation of the school
or in terms of types of people
> "Increasing the demand, the school will grow at a disproportionately higher rate than if it was judged purely off of quality of education"
Wait, I'm kind of confused.  Are you saying you don't want your school to grow like population-wise?
Both of those actions heavily influence the bias towards our school, which will move it up in the rankings
Increasing the demand, which means that the school will grow at a disproportionately higher rate than if it was judged purely off of quality of education.
And why we were mildly upset at the Amazon deal
Which is why my roommate and I never really want VT to become really really good at sports
^^^^^
how about we abolish the school system and make everyone a laborer
There's cognitive bias in ranking systems towards schools which you have positive memories of.
then you can lick my butthole
unless youre a pompous asshole who doesnt consider table tennis a sport
Their education, on the other hand, isn't actually as good as they're ranked as
table tennis is good shit
i just like playing them
oh i dont care about professional sports
Ohio State, for instance, is really only considered a "good school" because of how well known and far reaching their football program is.
What problems?
Just because I enjoy sports doesn't mean I don't recognize the problems they inherently generate in any system they overlap into
Anyway, as I was saying
talk shit get hit, echksy wechksy
I do understand the desire to bother pi
Understandable
But you don't like it so how would you be intere-
Mostly because it bothers Pi, tbh
In case it's interesting
Wtf
Why
yeah
he looks at the scores
But
I just monitor the score
I don't
Why do you watch it then
WHAT
It's a horrible sport
esports are jokes
Oh I hate basketball
Just because I like them doesn't mea-
ok pierre
actually yeah sports is good
At least V T b a s k e t b a l l
Machine I thought you liked sports
yes lets euthanize them too
im a gamer
That'd be nice
oh no
If sports didn't exist
And news media
And politicians
euthanizing gamers
You know what would be nice
no it isnt, dont give OW pros any validation
~~I'd be impressed~~
Still, I feel like that is p impressive o:
so did most OW players
I forgot Contenders existed oops
If you're trying to boast about it I mean
Which isn't super impressive or anything
It just means he'd be in contenders
I mean, it's not entirely impossible
doubt.png
<:richthonk:423678784911310868>
I overheard someone in my class saying a freshman in his other class was a pro OW player or smth
Danger please let me suck your fucking dick
: P
Now you should work on getting me free home game tickets
Good
I’m kind of such a big deal btw
I’m so important I talk to OWL people
Das good I forwarded that
especially gamers from Boston
it works out because gamers are a radically more oppressed community
Both as like a "this is the team/message I'm physically supporting" as well as just feeling solidarity and part of a group when you see everyone around you physically supporting the same cause
I know, going to Pride parades, they hand out rainbow flags, and even something as simple as having them to wave around definitely boosts the feeling of being a part of the community
I think little free merch things that you can wave around at the stadium (like flags or signs), or even like the noise-maker orange slappy things they have at the stadium, will definitely boost enthusiasm and morale during the games
I'd definitely love to attend the home games, so this is exciting !
That's it for me
Definitely not having them too late or age-restricted
oooo pretzels
I'm not from Boston but there should be complimentary mints and pretzels
Anything you guys really want for the Boston games as people who could potentially attend them?
I’ve been in this guys discord server for a while and recently he got hired as community manager for Boston uprising so he’s asking for ideas for how they can make the home games really good next year in Boston so he can let higher ups know
Always ate em fresh from the wrapper.....AND STRAWBERRY IS SUPREME
I didn’t know they were called pop-tarts with a dash
Mandela effect



also strawberry's the best
tsk tsk
the instructions on pop tarts says they're supposed to be heated up
^
I think I only ever got them from vending machines
Tho it's been like 8 years since I had one
I don't think I've ever had a toasted pop tart
theyre kind of meant to be toasted since theyre just brand-name toaster strudel
they never toast evenly tho
i do sometimes
You guys don't toast poptarts? <:tiredocto:548620128095567905>
i got brown cinnamon sugar
Most poptarts I've had have tasted like cardboard
Tho I don't have much of a sweet tooth
Yeah they're not that great
See, I don't not like them, I would just rather eat most other things
Am I the only one that doesn't like poptarts
I personally prefer mine boiled.
Joe, apparently.
Who toasts poptarts?
poptarts are great when toasted
I was thinking more like, poor, south african countries where they can't afford brand names
i'm almost surprised it doesn't exist in, like, japan tbh
wtf

yeah it's fake
I feel like this is fake, tehre's not even a picture
oh no
You got: Sauerkraut and Onions
You are incredibly weird. Many of your acquaintances would consider you toxic, but those who know you well realize that beneath your harsh, laughable exterior there is a grain of fun. You tend to be judgmental of others, but most of all of yourself, because of your own apparent inadequacies. You never can have enough, and are constantly seeking some greater meaning in life. You're respected by those who know you well for your logic and reasoning.
Hm
I'm not sure words can describe how shocked I am that this even exists
But
I've been trying to decide a way to intro what mine is
all poptarts kind of suck
Strawberry poptarts are horrible though
<:dab:448219258112180224>
You got: Strawberry
You are cool as a cucumber. You know the best shows, have the neatest gadgets, and recommend music without that harsh hipster judgment. No, you probably haven’t heard of this throat yodeling African tribe doing U2 covers with a banjo in the back because it’s effing weird, but you might like it anyway. Thanks, cool guy, you’re the best.
no it's saying you're a hard worker and don't involve yourself in drama
IM GOING TO COMMIT LIFEN'T
EVERY QUIZ I TAKE TELLS ME IM A BLAND DEPRESSED ASSHOLE

Idk man I just did MK

What the fuck does this mean
The best one

Finally, a quiz that wont remind me that i'm an asshole
https://www.buzzfeed.com/acinomreyem/what-kind-of-pop-tart-are-you-actually-jxwv
What the hell spark
Immoral bugger
that was a grind





damn
all seems about right actually
DOMAIN/Facet    Score    
NEUROTICISM    48    
..Anxiety    64    
..Anger    63    
..Depression    81    
..Self-Consciousness    25    
..Immoderation    23    
..Vulnerability    17    
Your score on Neuroticism is average, indicating that your level of emotional reactivity is typical of the general population. Stressful and frustrating situations are somewhat upsetting to you, but you are generally able to get over these feelings and cope with these situations.

DOMAIN/Facet    Score    
OPENNESS    90    
..Imagination    92    
..Artistic Interests    38    
..Emotionality    54    
..Adventurousness    62    
..Intellect    84    
..Liberalism    99    
Your score on Openness to Experience is high, indicating you enjoy novelty, variety, and change. You are curious, imaginative, and creative.
EXTRAVERSION    28    
..Friendliness    37    
..Gregariousness    11    
..Assertiveness    59    
..Activity Level    33    
..Excitement-Seeking    11    
..Cheerfulness    62    
Your score on Extraversion is low, indicating you are introverted, reserved, and quiet. You enjoy solitude and solitary activities. Your socializing tends to be restricted to a few close friends.

DOMAIN/Facet    Score    
AGREEABLENESS    44    
..Trust    38    
..Morality    4    
..Altruism    47    
..Cooperation    38    
..Modesty    49    
..Sympathy    98    
Your level of Agreeableness is average, indicating some concern with others' Needs, but, generally, unwillingness to sacrifice yourself for others.

DOMAIN/Facet    Score    
CONSCIENTIOUSNESS    17    
..Self-Efficacy    91    
..Orderliness    29    
..Dutifulness    26    
..Achievement-Striving    11    
..Self-Discipline    1    
..Cautiousness    35    
Your score on Conscientiousness is low, indicating you like to live for the moment and do what feels good now. Your work tends to be careless and disorganized.
Oh wow that is long
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fkXBZ5qe_e5WWLipGpxTRfcDsAYxy-QnNiDOoojZvO8/edit?usp=sharing
too big to paste into discord rip
wow that is a large result
(300 questions, so take it when you have time to!)
https://www.personal.psu.edu/~j5j/IPIP/ipipneo300.htm
boooo
vs what I got on a longer version of it

if it's so short, they should rename the test to the small 5


~~on the bright side, it's pastel and pretty, so I'm into it i guess~~
or at least I can't find myself trusting their validity
Short tests are cute, but they're not usually that accurate
ehhh
short test finally
https://www.idrlabs.com/short-big-five/test.php
what, in a lab
😎
i already started devlopping a second one
under like any circumstance from this test bc thats so unrelated to what theyre measuring
i mean yeah but also, like, youre just not going to have multiple personalities from this at all
personality quizzes aren't meant to replace actual diagnoses and whatnot but if you get tipped off from them then it's not a bad idea to go and see if you have anything
yeah and
look at my results
i mean
its literally not it just says that you either said yes too much or youre just complicated
but now the test says i have multiple personalities
i thought it was normal albeit a little bit more depressive than a normal person
i didnt even feel like i was gonna get the "you have schizophernia" answer
im god?
Conroy you god
ok now it makes me sad
but its just my life
not really
eh
i mean
idk
conroy are you ok

uh

wha

I wasn't exactly expecting that last sentence, but I'm not sure how accurate this test is for me given that I didn't have many statements that I agreed with


Jordan B Peterson's DRINKING SONG 🍺
its JBP wave
the fuck am i looking at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VJ3v2oGm6Sk
okay but JP brought us JBP wave
@Th Real Mith Thyson
What the fuck UofT
the incel peterson,
a bitch
but *who is he*
right, thank you
a professor of psychology at university of toronto
who is this man
Spoiler alert for #15 but what the hell
for nsfw

also from this google image search are illustrations from his books and some of them are graphic but some of them are REALLY funny

spoiler alert for #5 but these arent words of a smart man Noah Fence
Mhm
ben carson was a miracle brain surgeon but he opens his mouth about anything other than brain surgery and you see what happens
he just masks his dumbass bullshit about society in academic language
he's good at psychology and bad at philosophy
He's not unintelligent
ehh
why would you
All of that is true
I mean
someone doesnt like Jordan Peterson very much
oh my

i love you internet
OH MY GOD
LOL
Oh my God
LOL
https://medium.com/@andrew.kerr/marquis-de-sade-or-jordan-b-peterson-9de11a5b5880
way better
no its
oh my god
You have to get your inspiration somewhere
hes a popular topic for psychologists and all that jazz
he probably gave a lecture or smth on him
theyre basically the same person when you get down to it
lmao
why is jordan peterson in those google image results
um
despite being a torturous rapist
yeeah he was romanticized for being revolutionary and innovative or something for a while
it be like that

I feel like his Google Images says it all

He doesn't seem like a fun guy to have a parties
Yeahhh, I was just reading about him
very fucked up guy
Marquis de Sade
sadism was also named after someone
Can you imagine having it named after you

ah, thanks for clarifying!  I didn't know that
this test is talking about physical (nonsexual) and emotional masochism, but masochism is inherently sexual since its coinage
"actual masochism" is sexual masochism
@NotJoe I don’t think that’s true.  Also, bdsm masochism =/ actual (i.e. emotional) masochism, and I don’t think I’m really either actually either
Oof
I'M NOT A TERRORIST
100% depressive godly
CONFIRMED

👈 😎 👈

Ty
You're scared of there not being someone who's a close enough friend that you can rely on them to look out for you
What does this mean
"The thought of having no one in my corner to look out for me makes me seriously afraid."
masochistic more like bdsm test
"masochistic" its also the depression

thanks idrlabs its the depression

The quiz makes me feel so bipolar
it's a good test though my friend did a thing where it calibrates you to a spot on the political compass
Personality Match

Like Osama Bin Laden, you are mild-mannered, soft-spoken, and courteous in dealing with people, but you believe so strongly in your own ideas that you can become downright fanatical at times. It is not that you want to push your ideas through at the expense of others. Your conviction is charismatic and so you have the power to inspire others to pursue your goals. Use it wisely!

Bin Laden is so charismatic 😍
fair
i dont need to know about some of yalls freaky nonsense
:(
no
wow
no it's not bdsm test time
yes
no
i think its bdsm test time
is it bdsm test time
owo
oh no
@kink test
idk I feel like you're one of the people that generally score higher on any test we've done in the past related to masochism
@pi
lmao
Oh dear
why though
huh I thought you'd be more masochistic


i'm definitely depressive though
just a little
honestly i don't think i'm antisocial
real shit 😂
Idk i think the test is just mistaking my deep seated self hatred for legitimate masochism
^
nice also why are y'all masochistic
no
>you are never satisfied in having, only taking

Oh hubba hubba 👅

wow i think this test just called me a sociopath fuck u
Discord nick checks out


accurate


oh wow



Im being attacked by this website

@Peacheon i also got Gaddafi
I figured Joe would be like Pinochet
https://www.idrlabs.com/personality-style/test.php
also pshh cynthia how dare you



why am i not surprised

I can't believe I was a commie this whole time

Yikes Cynthia you totalitarian
wtf

mfw Echks is more of a terrorist than me
Well fuck im Bin Laden...
mfw pi is more of a commie than me


bro u are definitely more warm and likeable than the average human being
I wanted to see how much I agreed with everything, because I was really skeptical at first

Fingers crossed for Stalindad

Same here

i got fucking gaddafi
im Mao Zedong
https://www.idrlabs.com/villain/test.php
poui poui
PWEE PWEE
@E r i k pwee pwee

<:GWovoWhoDesu:390538524035776512>


Ap psych’s fine
Yeah, psych is pretty fun and interesting, especially if you like social sciences over more physical analytical ones, and there isn't too much of a workload compared to other AP classes I've taken. I'd definitely recommend taking the class.
psych is lit, go for it
My favorite class I’ve ever taken and now I’m enrolled to start a BA in Psychology next year 😃
It’s fine go for it
why would it be bad
is it bad to take AP psych senior year
Angela’s take on burgers the most correct thing I’ve heard all week
at least it's real grease
they just taste like grease to me
five guys burgers taste like burgers and not processed fake stuff
untrue
it's worse than the other burger options other than mcdonalds
terrible if you have a peanut allergy though
^^^^^^
^^^
^^^^^ Five Guys is so good
five guys is good wtf
five guys? 🤢
their burgers do taste good
the only strong point of five guys is if you're starving and you order a small or medium fries they essentially fill up your bag
nop
also mooyah but i'm not sure if anyone's heard of it
valid
shake shack
what do you prefer joe
eh it feels lower quality to me than other options
muh money
it tastes fine imo but like
and not in a good way
five guys is overpriced and it feels like i'm eating pure grease
toxic
speak of the devil

so homemade or smth cheap like mcd
i don't eat burgers often
goddammit peachy
damn i want some fucking five guys now
where do you get your burgers
five guys is overpriced
sub
i'm always more in the mood for some fuckin
burgers are a real hit or miss
one of the only places where i don't hate the burgers
five guys is solidly good
🤤
Their burgers are so large and juicy
I’m just going to pop in here and say that the best burger place is Five Guys
im p sure they do.... i mean im not certain but given the fact that umass explicitly has a dorm for no drugs or alcohol for people who dont want to be around it i would place my bets on They Might
I mean they know it, but since it's banned I think they generally won't ask the question if people drink in an undergraduate dorm in the us
i mean its "banned" but colleges arent stupid they know people bring shit in
Alcohols just banned altogether in a lot of college dorms
also these aren't mutually exclusive
this is pretty cool that they've got this alcohol check box for housing apps, is that standard at other schools?
Fuck the other Joe
The Pure Joe and the Other Joe
OwO is this trUwU?
They say that within each man there are two Joes
Humans are complicated
how quickly men forget their pledges,
im sorry pi but did you not worship Joe like a god just days before for he was the most pure being on this god forsaken server
Deeds so heinous, even the Geneva convention didn't consider them
This is what happens when you commit culinary crimes
What is this all out assault
a degenerate?
how so
a fiend
a scoundrel, even?
But Joe is a menace and a villain
I dont like to denounce the very being of a man
His tastes are absolute garbage
Fuck no
joe you should be a food critic
everything else is utter trash
only valuable thing about nyc is its food
nyc is good boston is just better
bad take
the people there feel way ruder than bostoners and its just loud noise everywhere
the only good thing is the pizza
every street feels extremely filthy
I’ve never been to nyc :o
walking in nyc feels like being a packed sardine
i love nyc but. yeah
boston is nyc if it lost weight and took a shower
probably my least favorite city I've been to
yeah nyc is pretty awful
nyc has rats the size of toddlers
I'd actually kms if I had to live in nyc for more than a month
boston has a charm to it
What do you guys typically order at shake shack
nyc is actually garbage though
I mean boston is discount new york but still
and robin you're just wrong
mind your manners
also a highly underrated burger chain I've seen barely anyone mention is mooyah burger
anyway the best burger place is easily fucking panda express
yeah
new york is just discount Boston
shake shack is so good
yankees are from new york dont lump us with them
"yankee" hello us carpetbaggers r gonna complain about yer good ol southern burger
pi you're wrong and you should feel wrong
The quality is very good and it’s delicious, and cheap
No
Whoa whoa
I haven't had in n out but from what I've seen in reviews it seem in n out is cheaper but has worse burgers
ive never been to in n out but it also but suck since it is also yankee
yeah
actually cvs has the best burgers
dunkin? Dunkin’ Donuts?
the true Boston way
in n out is better than shake shack
actually Dunkin has the best burgers
shake shack is pricy but it has that quality in its meat
Shake shack is yankee, and therefore bad
I will fuck you up
shake shack is so good
You lil bitch
I'll probably get whataburger then complain Shake Shack is better
This but unironically
I saw someone in a restaurant with a gun in their back pocket
You are a yankee so we'll dislike you momentarily but as long as you eat whataburger and bbq youll be accepted
i ! want! homosexual couples to protect their marijuana plants with guns!
I don't think I've actually met anyone who actually owns a gun (that I was aware of)
get a gun license, learn to hunt, and eat incredibly unhealthy food
🤠
there's only a few things for me to do in texas
no he wants to be a cowboy and ride a horse
Guns for everyone
Good
true probably
oh
joe is only moving to texas so he can use guns
oh
🤔
You've been had
Here in texas, summer lasts 7-10 months
so I gotta live there in the inbetween phase between high school and college
oh nice
Cynthia you foool
since my families moving there
yeah
psh
“A month or two” uh that’s all summer
Hah you gonna die
when i say it it does sound like a case of "if i had ever learned to play, i would have been a prodigy," but i wouldn't want to go to an ivy even if i thought i was capable of succeeding at one
oh nice
texas
also aktually for like a month or two in the summer I'm going to be living in
so I'd say it's a hard choice
wait do you guys all live in Boston except for pi?
mood
stanford and harvard are fairly equally matched in prestige, educaiton, alumni networks, education, etc.
I honestly can't imagine myself at a fancy shmancy school like that, I don't have the work ethic
well harvard is close to you guys so
really
not sure if I'd pick stanford in a heartbeat though
jokes on them, i dont NEED to take calculus to buy fentanyl
I have a < 3 gpa this year, ill just take whatever i can get lmao
both of those schools are amazing options though
I’d pick Stanford in a heartbeat gosh
i came from a privileged family and my family paid for me to go to college but then i got a b on my calculus course and now im begging for money to buy fentanyl
seriously?
I think maybe stanford though since cali sounds more attractive
yeah I agree with Erica
harvard kids r all rats lol
and educational opportunities
gun to the head... stanford
Pompous asses
they provide pretty equal opportunity
I'd flip a coin at that point
neither
Fuck that lol
Neither
mmmm
neither
but really though would you guys go to Harvard or Stanford
I honestly should have it on hand though for the future
I just looked it up quickly
i got below a 1400 on my sat and thats why i was homeless #realfacts
I had to look it up
I'm glad that's something you have readily at hand joe
no joes right
3 types of people
oh
oh
or the other options
oh
oh

You go to a normal college like a normal person
you get kicked out
you're perfectly normal
~~What happens if you’re an asian that doesn’t get good grades~~
ah fuck i've already revealed too much about myself
yes
i am a member of the most oppressed class in our society
you think being asian is bad, imagine being a straight white male
Exactly :(
no really tho
choosing asian option is just shooting yourself in the foot unless you have some large cultural story about being it
Disgusting
>Debating between Harvard and Stanford

Im going to hurl
african american 100%
also yeah just choose the URM
which one would y’all pick
nice
yup
get those affirmative action bucks
as in choosing which to go to?
Just say that youre black, itll work
Because someone at our school is half African American, half asian and is debating between Harvard and Stanford at the moment
i remember the form
also that
hmm
yes u can choose multiple
probably
^
isnt there a mixed/other option
Can you choose more than one race on the application
wait also
never goes wrong
the classic follow your girl to college strat
shes going to live in a box in india
If shes going to college, im going to college, thats my philosophy
pi no she’s gonna go to college
I literally dont know anything about you
to introduce yourself
why would i do that
Damn
Lunar do a #isopod-introductions
I’m not sure
Is she single
the girl in yellow
naw
lmaoooooo
idc about dumb college stuff but can i have your friends number anyway cynthia
hey Joe is friends with all the girls in our group
KIDDING jokes
nvm on that friend thing then
that tells us nothing
She’s very pretty
oh um
so toxic
wow
how insufferable are they? Maybe joe could make a friend
Not sure
what major
nice
oooih one of my other friends is going to northeastern!!!
everyone in massachusetts knows like 5 people going to umass
but in state tuition is hard to beat
tbh if I did my stuff early like summer I feel like I would've been way less stressed
so many people I know are UMass Amherst
go for it if you have the time,  you also might want to finish essays early
I might apply to some colleges in the east too
thats what im saying tho
fair
dont do it for the clout
I mean both of you weren't really into Ivies to begin with though
if u wanna go then apply
^
I skipped it and it made my app process a lot easier imo
go for it
if you have the time and drive to
Is it even worth it to apply to ivy leagues lol
yeah
Ohh
oh I was referencing to what a safety school would be considered as
No the acceptance rate for uw
I thought 50-60% was enough
huh
It’s like 40 something
thats the average for acceptances to most state schools
safety is 70%
since I'm not familiar with other aspects of the school
I just looked at its acceptance rate of 50% which I assumed was enough to be considered a safety
my gpa isn’t on par or anything
^^^^^^
joe your safety standards arent everyones safety standards
for uw
The acceptance rate is getting lower and lower
probably
I feel like I’m obligated to apply to the state schools that I’m not exactly happy with
from my quick glance when looking it up it seems to be a solid safety
and their acceptance rate with people for your major
i'm not really familiar with UW
I'm just saying this b/c often reaches are extremely low chance and are what people love the most
uw in my opinion is not a safety? Idk
at least have it be a place you don't hate
so knock off your most picky criteria
yea like
yeah
maybe not excited
it should at least be a place you'd be fine with going to in the end though
why all the effort when theyre a literal safety net the idea is that u reach for more
i mean the point of a safety is that it's not something you super want to go to
not at all
I feel like you should make sure you put in effort to find a safety you'd be satisfied going to if all else fails
no
i mean
Is that sad
In state there’s like no schools I really want to attend other than uw
I feel like it's hard to choose a satisfying safety though
get a safety
knock off your most picky shit
safeties r easy theyre criteria washers
college weird man
then go for reaches b/c imo it's easier to choose reaches than the other two
you might want to choose your safeties and targets first
As for majors I think something journalism related or science related
I definitely want to attend a bigger sized school
and by start w major dont do "is this famous for this" just do if they have it or not
&c
quiet or party school
big or small
ince youve got region go by campus feel
yeah
and have a solid split b/w them
you should also probably divide your schools into 3 categories Reach, Target, Safety
it doesnt have to be mega prestigious
^
start off with your intended major and then region and narrow it down
I don’t even think uc schools are an option lol
I’m kind of hopeless at this point
btw cynthia any idea what schools you're looking at for next year yet
eh experience is experience and they gouge you on that too
It’s not paid @fizzy lifting drinks but it’s more than just volunteer
my friend had to pay 750
just a small sign of the things to come
mmhm
damn 500 for the acceptance? Wtf
YEAH fucking christ theyre bleeding us like stuck pigs
is that not paid
erica I feel your pain
nice
I’m going to be gone half the summer teaching English overseas lol
there r other ways 2 make money
I'd say apply if you have nothing better to do and can handle it
youre not alone tho people w jobs just complain abt their jobs a lot
even if they say yes it's not binding
it's not really something you need though
I'd say if you have the time then you should apply
it feels like that yeah
I feel like everyone’s getting a job that’s all
if you don't have any internships or anything you might as well look for a summer job
^^
summer is fine but apply early
i went jobless in high school bc i barely do work as is
what about summer?
only do it if you can handle it
I'd advise against it then
exactly
So how could I handle a job
fair, this year I've only had like 2 hours to relax or do hw on tuesdays + wednesdays
my grades suffered even when I had a season of sports
else you might as well spend the time to get some good ECs in
money is nice but your grades will hit
do it if you have extra time
I like having money to buy things
it's nice though
it's not necessary
no
no
also is it necessary to get a job during high school? I am really torn about this
I still gotta visit umass before making my definitive choice
that may be a common theme in college
500 fuckin dollars for the pleasure of being transferred onto a list
rip
i gotta say yes to umass soon but ugh who has the funds
nice
also I'm accepting my offer rn and I gotta reread it like 12 times to make sure I dont accidentally say yes to the wrong campus
feast for days
eat the rich!
eat the rich
apparently if you go to cc for like one year you can automatically transfer into uw compsci program lol
^^^
problem solved
see what u gotta do is go undeclared to ucsd and then murder one of those rotten smart bastards and take his spot
53% otherwise
yeah that's a lot of schools
yeah they have like 1% acceptance for cs
Literally impossible
so many people applied compsci to uw
same I only heard of it b/c of reddit memes
Ohhh
which is what happened to me
I don’t even know where merced is
I mean applying for comp sci is just asking for death at a lot of schools
wtf
it was his dream
woof
joe got rejected from UC Merced
they shouldn’t have waitlisted lol they’re not that competitive? Or are they
smart man
nah didn't apply there
no ucsc
wdym
uci is a little crazy
then I got the L for the other options I applied to which were the top tier UCs
???? Wtf
and I got waitlisted to UCI which I felt like was kinda a meh school for me anyways so I didn't bother responding
I got into UCSD, but as undeclared so i'm ignoring them
uh so
wait what about uc schools?!
thanks
congrats!!
I'm probably going to though since it's probably a better career decision
not yet
***S A M***
wait joe you committed to northeastern?
the Minuteman
The face is so pale
It's Sam
wtf is that
I take it back
umass amherst's mascot is terrifying
nice

actually nvm y'alls are lame
who knows school mascots
grey wolves
timberwolves
wolves
what are they
I'm either going to look into getting a co-op outside of the northeast or tryhard to transfer next year
go uh
yeah
you should check out Northeastern's study abroad programs
that's valid
since I've been stuck in the northeast for the past 18 years
tbh I just wanted to explore outside of the northeast for college
we have lobster and drunk people pretending that theyre irish what more could you want
plus Northeastern is hella rad
whats wrong with the northeast
you like the cold
meanwhile i'm still stuck in the northeast for college rip
oh yeah I heard about that I think
Oh
it's called a nudist beach I think
Is that what you call it
Nude beach*
excuse me
I once stumbled onto a beach with naked people at ubc
congrats
yeah I'm hella hyped
Ahhh congrats
:oooooo
well like 120 mi but still
I just got into UBC so I'm gonna be just a bit north of you
Yes he played hypixel
nice
I feel like I saw that name on the hypixel forums years ago
he got into cornell and committed!!!
idk
oh I don’t remember if he was a helper LOL
or is that someone else
the hypixel helper guy right
vaguely
oh
dwlee99?
why would we know who Derek is
never heard of em
do you guys remember Derek?
yeet!
My friend got into umass amherst!
^^^^^^^
i can hear that message
Spot on
That’s a completely accurate impression tho
its always winnable
My gfs impression of me playing games: “omg guys so winnable!! ITS SO WINNABLE”
Is a skrim
\o/
o/

that would check off quite a few
you could get super drunk and commit some crimes
not how that works
Bestiality 11 times
Hmm
Oh I guess you could just do eleven things
to tie Erica I think
Enough that you'll be involved in a threesome, arrested, touch another man's boobs, and
you need to do like 11 things
Okay how many drugs do I need to take before I can beat y’all
I believe in  you, Timothy
as second in command of  the degeneracy I take pride in my position, one day I will become number one and rule with an iron fist
You're welcome fam
awwww thank u
Because you are the filth of the earth, the cancer growing upon the puffy red blotch that is the sinful upon this planet
no one has yet to topple me from my throne as #1 profligate
duh
right
oh
@ pi
No, I've drunk alcohol you dummy
not if u dont get caught
its probably disciplinary actions or something
which are?
It can't be that because then I'd have to check off two boxes
machine committed a felony, clearly
damn boy
I once had a threesome, clearly the one thing I checked off
Even thinking about humdiggeroos
im really curious to what was the 1 thing you checked off
Hah you people making contact with each other
Machine is my new god
Nevermind
99 mofos
82
Also what a degenerate angela
Yes
with a godly score of 97, he deserves all ego feeding
Also don’t feel Joe’s ego even more
wild
78
Joe is a chad wym, ofc its volcel
the real question is is it incel or volcel
Unironically
Joe is my new god
oh my god
Unlike y’all degenerates i follow those morals
yeah that sounds about right
Got 97
also I counted again and it was 91
bold words from a sinner @pi
62
good
Robin is the only person I respect, you promiscuous fellows are sinners
73
I counted and I think I got 91 or 90
88 i am PURE
100-tallied answers=score
yeah
isnt working on chrome
is the answer the amount you didnt answer or smth
i manually tabulated it my answer is 53
this site seems v broken
didnt work on chrome
The score is just the number of things you haven’t done before
Higher number is more pure
It worked fine for me on iPhone safari
same
It didn't give me a number on mobile
79 but is a higher score more or less pure
I scored a 64
https://ricepuritytest.info/take-rice-purity-test-now/
Which one of us here is the least pure let’s see
in the 1st one
"weaver is expected to return" didnt she die
idk why i mean it was a commercial success ofc but it had like 0 cultural impact
oh yeah thats from forever ago
Is that an april fools joke
What
Hold up they went all fantastic beasts on it and are planning 4 more movies
( The one with blue people )

🌧 🔫
April showers and all that
It’s rainy + windy today though  ; u ;
i could do without the rain tho
God bless it's finally actually spring

And your Facebook
Only place that has me is my schools online newsletter I used to write for
Nice
I'm pleased to say that you won't find me anywhere other than on Hokie Stalker and the ASCE website
But my point is that the internet has it too
I did
you didnt know your teachers race?
It can get awkward
I found my teachers salary, address, relatives, neighbors names, and roommate name, party affiliation, DOB, gender, and race on a voter record website
Well
And when you don't, then finding out about you
Its very rare to not have an online presence
Yep!
Because what I’ve discovered from googling teachers is that way more information than you expected to be public about you is now public
I’m slightly scared for when I start voting
also they use In the Hall of the Mountain King and that song makes me feel stressed
yeah it's the second most spoken chinese dialect (well it's language family at least), I guess it just didn't come to america like Cantonese did
huh I did not know shanghainese was a thing
It's close to Mandarin but also *really not, at all*
Shanghainese is wild and I forgot that it existed woah
I love this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=haUAyAaBxYg
TIL that this was a thing
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/femail/article-3164530/The-ULTIMATE-beards-Gay-best-friends-decorate-facial-hair-glitter-flowers-food-earn-overnight-internet-fame-artistic-Instagram-images.html
home row is too small for me
yeah lol
it's like a slid over wasd
I forget that your fingers are so long
maybe S E F
somewhere around there, it's not really fixed
that's wild
S E T ??
still manage 75-90 wpm
okay so I rest my left hand on like shift s e t, and my right hand like on k o p enter, but when I type I only use my right index and ring finger
the rest of the fingers go whre they may
thumbs rest on space
left index is somewhere between d and f key, right index is on j
that's really cool !
statistically (with the sample size of this chat currently hahah), you'd be able to tell who's a PC gamer by how they type hmmm
The Gamer Keys
the way i type developed bc of games so getting taught the proper way was odd
I rest on the middle row !  but left hand on gaming keys
Only boomers rest their fingers on the middle row
left hand is centered on WASD keys, both thumbs on space, and right hand doesn't have a specific location
Because I started out learning to type the standard way, but then I would have my fingers jump around so I could type faster and beat the levels quicker
but I think playing enough flash games eventually molded the way I type
Disgusting
I'm pretty sure I typed like that at first
oh yeah, with index fingers on f and j
I kind of helped but also kind of didn't
That way sucks ass
Yea they tried to teach us the """"correct"""' way
and it scared me enough to learn to actually type
yeah !!
through all these different mini-games
that's what I did too at first but then in school we had this game where you had to type fast or else a bomb would explode
They tried to teach us in ~3rd grade with Type To Learn
So now I do pecking at 100 wpm
Honestly mood
And that just kinda naturally evolved
I've never heard of either AWD or JIOP woah
So when I was a dumb fucking kid trying to communicate in club penguin or whatever, I just looked at the keyboard and did the pecking thing
I never really learned how to type
Like
I rest my left hand on A, W, and D with the three fingers in the middle and then with my right hand I rest my fingers on J, I, O, and P. I use my left pinky for shift and ctrl and I use my right pinky for pressing p sometimes. I press space with either my left thumb or my right index finger
It would be cool to film your hands typing for like a day and make a colour-coded keyboard map/diagram of where your hands go
I only use my pinkies for LShift, LCtrl, and Enter
Yeah, same here
until I finally got that you were talking about your three fingers that were in the middle
I just imagined you with three hands
I almost only use my three middle fingers
Do whatever
I just fuckin like
Idk why, but I feel like you'd be the type of person to @RequiemOfTheSoul
Does anyone actually type the standard, taught way (ASDF + JKL;) all the way through ?
Yeah, my hand never stays on those positions when I type -- it kind of hovers over those keys and then goes back to them like it's "home base"
I just noticed this yesterday, but for *some reason*, my left hand rests of ASD (ring, middle, pointer), and my other hand rests on JKL;
ASDF and HJKL...at least starting off, i find i tend to break the formation and often go into moments of hunt and peck.
March 30, 2019 — Question of the Day:
How do you type?  Where do you place your hands on your keyboard?
@​here
What did I just read
i agree with MY husband
I agree with my husband
coup d'etat
die old man
when will i have the crown
maybe soon your time will come too
um no back off i want to be me first
plastic surgery costs r expensive
i wanna be u
You can be whatever you want to be
Well nothing's stopping you
stepdad brother-in-law?
wait does this make me Jesus's stepdad?
god fucked us all but he forgot to use protection with me
honestly
classic god
God
who's the father
im the most fertile of them all
ur right
woah
And I'm not
wait
wait
So you're the fertile one
i never said u were
angela im having triplets
Therefore I can't be pregnant
yes
I'm just married
yes
You're the pregnant one
but
and a baby
and a thirst for knowledge
what
with questions
No, I'm infertile bc you're pregnant
and I dont remember why
I was calling you very fertile and you were like "yeah like the river"
I can't remember things
yeah, or wait no the opposite
yeah
ohhhh
you were?
I see
its because I was calling angela infertile
idk, it was just a silly name
so why are you calling yourself infertile
and I thought that was really trippy at 3 am idk why
I understand that
yes
because it's a river
You see, the Nile isn't fertile
Uh huh
It's a whole story
Also why are you calling yourself as fertile as the nile river
That took too long, and I've been meaning to do it for years now
Pshh
I finally(!!!) filtered out zombies and horror out of my game suggestions and discovery queue, so now I no longer live in fear
BAHAHAHA
SOUNDS
You are basically solving a crime with just your sense of hearing (I think?), so you will need to use your headphones/speakers
Apparently it's kind of short but highly recommended if you like detective sims
It also sounds (*sounds,* hahah) really cool as a concept !!!
This just got launched today and has 1000+ recommendations OwO
https://store.steampowered.com/app/942970/
I needed that rjght now...
<:GWpinkuKittyHeheh:392308492624723973>
@Bugcat just showed it to me today
I've watched it 5 times now and I'm still crying
This is so funny my lungs are tightening
I'm physically decaying
I'm dying
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TKQcAzBpKew
cause i fucking need too
Why
i eat food
but sure insects too
i mean theres also the child labor and human rights violations
both are bad
or a cow
it's either millions of small insects
to produce the same amount of food
and also
whether a worm or a cow is killed
shouldn't matter to them
aren't vegans agaisnt animal cruelty
and i think thats one of the most irritating thing about like Vegans Who Love Being Vegan ™
despite claims to the contrary
veganism isnt cruelty free
(I say this as a non-vegan)
But there's a definite difference in sentience between a cow and a worm
First of all I'm not really sure what you mean by killing billions of worms
but not those poor worms
yet they talk about how they are nice guys and care for animals
also part of the reason im not vegan is the fact that they murders billions of worms
same
if it was worse in any of those categories I wouldn't buy it
i'd only buy chemically produced meat if it was the exact same price as normal meat with the same nutritionally value and taste
we should all strive to be fred hampton except for the getting assassinated by the state part
give kids food and also patrol your neighborhood with guns to protect people from cops
follow the example of the black panthers
thats only semi related i just. donate to your soup kitchens
we dont really have time for incrementalism but IF we did then soup kitchens and food pantries are like the most important thing in the world because people wont even think of protesting if they risk not being able to feed their kids yknow
i love my grandma
Rich liberals are made uncomfortable by protests and some poorer liberals are so busy in their daily toil that people disrupting the system is seen as a nuisance
protest is when you make a wish and blow out your birthday candles
comfort in the system
propaganda
I don't understand why liberals hate protests
protest is when you call your representative and say hello please do not take my healthcare away goodbye
i cant he was in the chess club he'd die
lol
"people can protest as long as theyre not disturbing the public" WHAT DO YOU THINK A PROTEST IS
Imagine todd howard in gladitorial combat
where can I sign up for bezos burgers
we just dont organize like we used to and thats such a problem
and become stronger
I mean honestly Peter Thiel would win because he would drink the blood of his enemies
I would pay good money to see tim cook beat the shit out of elon musk
hell yeah
now this i can get with
I agree
sorry I was sitting on that one
free market competition is when all of the CEOs fight in gladiatorial combat for the amusement of the masses
yes
broke: states are good
woke: states are arbitrary and bad
bespoke: all political divisions are arbitrary and bad and we should abolish them entirely because they exist solely to control the masses and divide us
Robin I will throw you off the roof
hm
States are so arbitrary that they really don't solve the issue too much
problem solved
what if we replaced the government with just the heads of every major corporation, so then every industry is represented
they said they would
Wouldn't you conclude that you should base the system off of divisions other than states?
they promised us
no lunar wtf are u talking about the establishment politicians are going to bring back the old factory jobs we lost decades ago
Even if you accept that some sparsely populated states are super agriculturally valued
so
and also agriculture is largely in...california
yeah
fact
and that's bad but still a facy
But like
We don't have industry anymore bc globalization
any time someone complains about tyranny of the majority im like "that but unironically"
Yea
I mean I think the primary counterargument would be that some states, e.g. heavily agricultural/industrial, demographically sparse areas, are valuable and would be undervalued by candidates, leading to bad things
If that's your contention, geographic location is not the first place to start
You could argue from the tyranny of the majority shit but like
but thats...weak comparatively
the only counterargument that i actually like for keeping the electoral college is that if candidates could just campaign in cities and then if they only campaigned in said major cities, then life for rural rust belt americans would get the shaft and theyre a vulnerable economic group
I don't understand the issue with someone winning an election because the majority of people vote for them
Yea like
^^^
But we've become WAAAAY more homogenous to a point where your individual state allegiance really doesn't matter aside from meming about florida man
"someone can just campaign in los angeles, new york city, houston, and miami and theyd win in a landslide!" weird since there are more americans there than like all the midwest but go off
The only reason the senate existed is because back in the fucking 1700s the states were actually super different
There are even ways we could keep the Senate but not have it be *so* ridiculous
Then those 250k people have more individual power than the others
It seems relatively intuitive 
Like there are counterarguments and I have yet to see a convincing one
Because like
That makes sense
yeah
Ah
Yeah that's basically it, Wyoming should not have the same representation in any chamber of government, as, say, California or Texas.
Ok
a state with fuckin like 250k people should not hold the same amount of influence as one with several million
ok 1 sec
Why do you think the Senate should be abolished?
are you saying kentucky's own turtle man shouldn't control what the government can or cannot do?
the united state of america
We can take liberals from abolishing the senate to abolishing the entire state one step at a time
the electoral college should also be abolished but not for the same reason
now we're getting somewhere
because the senate is garbage and should be abolished
They literally don't
well im just saying that if you wanna critique smaller states having more influence then look at the senate, not the electoral college
I mean I like that each has its own culture and gives residents something to stand behind, but everything else is dumb
maybe if the states were based on anything instead of being completely arbitrary lines drawn like 100+ years ago
PLEASE
AMERICA
WHY DO STATES MATTER
WHO GIVES A SHIT IF SMALLER STATES ARE LESS VALUABLE
the real problem lies in the winner take all system and swing states
the "the electoral college makes smaller states less valuable" thing is TRUE, but incredibly negligible
you fucking knob
okay that seriously makes me mad because it's WRONG
like yea dude there's more people in them
Every single time someone brings up the electoral college sucking ass, there's always that one genius that says "but then the densely populated states will overpower the less dense ones"
some old dudes 250 years ago were really prissy about their quasi-independence
its in the name
^^^^^^^^^^^
Why the fuck do Americans care so hard about states
Speaking of states
but we live in a socially stratified country uwu
well yeah
instead of on like a national or at least state level
okay but it's kinda fucked that school funding is determined by local taxes
fair yeah
that mostly just happens in super higher classes tho
also that
i mean it's like
areas with higher property values = richer residents = more means to lobby state governments for better school funding = better funded schools
i love designing it specifically so even public education is better for rich kids
YeahhhHh
because our country sucks massive dick
because americans are allergic to "paying for other people's stuff"
because fuck poor people amirite
Kind of yeah
or do you mean "why is the funding location-based"
they get taxed for more
Why do they do this
Why
high property values = better funded schools
Oh yeah -- just something that makes no sense to me:
yeah
an ideology that cannot be divorced from the political climate that brought it about
it's like putting jacobinism or something imo
by land tax
when they could have just said Georgist if that's how they want to define it
ye i agree
it's a weird thing to put as a result
yeah I agree with you on your explanation of it, I just think that for instance, it would be weird to be like a three principle-ist for like any other country besides post-revolutionary china
it might just be one of the ideologies that hinges on a particular question

oh the "nationalism" bit seems like it's actually the self determination of the country against imperialism and the reestablishment of monarchy
you can agree that it should be a method, without saying it ought to be the primary method
yeah that's probably why
Though, I think is was because I disagreed on the question that said something along the lines of "Taxing property is the primary way the government should gain money."
at least in regards to the first principle at least
it might just be super socially conservative
idk I feel like it seems like a philosophy that has a place within a specific place/timeframe, and isn't necessarily applicable to modern day outside of china
yeah i get that too a lot for some reason, i dont know why it's classified as it is
It just said that I opposed this ideology the most (at -67%), and I disagree with that
Yeah idk
hm yeah i don't know it's hard for me to find that much information on it but it seems all right
I guess I'll try to find something related to Mao bc he brought about the end of the republic and all
that's fair
on the principles page, it doesn't matter as much
So, on his bio page, you want the more accurate pic, which is probably the b&w photo
actually, no
and used it as a cover maybe?
people recoloured his b&w photo ?
what's up with that
why is his picture in color on the principles of the people page, but black and white on his own page?
but also
I'll take a look at that shortly
but also right after the republic of china came maoism so like it was not perfect if there was a communist revolution
usually those states that are technically liberatory have like, some good things in their ideologies
@Instantramen_ uwu
idk
I mean, reading it it seems good
mm that was the republic of china which was what overthrew the monarchy right
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Three_Principles_of_the_People
Also, I definitely disagree with Minarchism and Paleoconservatism, but I'm stuck on the Three Principles of the People
who cares tbh
getting hung up on ideologies with approximately 200 worldwide adherents is dumb
idk what that means either
I honestly have no clue
ehh i don't think so
Is it maybe talking about political compass test red and green ??
green syndicalism vs geolibertarianism: fight
thats my best guess
red bc commie?
maybe red and green?
umm
valid
No I'm tired I've been building bridges all night
and seriously wtf does watermelon greens mean
thank u upton sinclair care to enlighten us
I apparently missed a conversation on the merits and sins of the meat industry
e.g. as a result of the absolute free market competition that forms the foundation of their ideology
Libertarians are always ostensibly against monopolies but they seem to not understand how monopolies actually form
I mean that's kinda half their ideology
Reading it, I kind of agreed with it I guess ?? bc it was eco- and was against monopolies (and maybe bc it was worded nicely ahah), but I just don't agree with libertarianism as a whole
also geolibertarianism sounds like it gets close but is still coming from a really flawed materialist analysis
he still viewed it as a free market problem but he did come to sort of the correct conclusion
i mean milton friedman was concerned with pollution and stuff
Like the materials to make shit are everyone's but once you add the value of your labor to it, it's yours
"watermelon greens".......
also you can't own land?
That's what it looks like
but beyond that it's all free market tm
so like, all natural resources are the property of anyone?
xD
it's like
this is so weird
libertarianism but climate change is real this time
That's what I'm trying to learn
the fuck is a geolibertarian

also
yay
the education gulags
growth mindset
yet !
yet
peachy wont be sent to the reeducation center
(to see if I agree with them or not)
thanks i guess, but idk what they mean yet so i gotta do my research first !
peachy has acceptably good ideologies
apparently as of 2017 female employees of the church can now wear dress slacks
I'm curious to see how conservative feminism works
because you mentioned religious variants I was curious and looked up mormon feminism
I'll get around to reading them at some point (probably not tonight tho oof)
That's a lot
Oh wow
as well as the religious variants

as for the second part of your question
vs. "more female CEOs!"
"Marxist feminism is feminism focused on investigating and explaining the ways in which women are oppressed through systems of capitalism and private property."
I'm not sure what the difference between Marxist feminism and "regular" feminism is.  I'm actually just not sure what other types of feminism exist
I think I agree with Third Way but should still look more into it
Okay, Guild Socialism seems okay I guess ?

I don't know what any of these mean really

and even @RequiemOfTheSoul
oi @NotJoe
I'm wondering what @NotJoe would say
Yeah, I would as well
it's all the same
but yeah I'd eat lab grown meat if it was affordable
Okay
well ackchyually all meat is chemical produced, because everything is chemicals
I think I would, depending on the cost
And how many of you (those of you who eat meat) would buy chemically produced "meat" ?
I just put no opinion on that one
that would probably be ideal
Also, to make both sides happy, shouldn't we focus on/fund ways to recreate the taste of meats so that we can reduce the consumption/production?
I want to selfishly disagree, but the pros won me over

idk
8 to 10 years
idk for sure
speciality
then
paces
in france its
rip in the u.s. you gotta first get a bachelors(4 years), med school, assuming you pass MCAT (4 years), and residency (3-7 years)
u cant retake it
but if u fail a year
actually 24
or worse
probably pretty similar in the u.s.
10%
is like
medschool success rate
but in france
idk in the us
willpower does not a doctor make
so if they hate their job/ are doing it for money I'd say they have strong willpower
and the various exams they have to pass
along w/ the residency they have to go through
med school's a pretty big time and money investment
its medical school not pushing a boulder up a hill
so I'm up for it
both groups of people have to go through the many long and arduous processes to become a doctor so either i'm getting a doctor who loves their job or one with a lot of willpower
I'd disagree
people who are doctors b/c they want to vs people who do it for money have equal rates of stupidity imo
doctors can be stupid as hell
I wouldn't
like if people have a decent support system, housing, food, yadayada then doctors are happy to be doctors ya know
eh I'd still trust a doctor as long as they went through the proper procedures of med school and residency and everything
exactly
to be fair if you're a doctor just for the money I won't trust you to be my doctor
the whole "people wont do harder jobs if they dont get paid" is so ridiculous as if humans dont have passions they would follow if capital didnt make it impossible
weird question tho
wages already don't represent the "value" of work; no matter which way you measure so-called value, actual wages for various jobs won't come close to falling into any sort of linear correlation to that quantifiable "value"
basically imo it's whether you want a fantasy of perfect capitalism that can never exist or a sort of weird quasi-communism
Also sorry for the slow responses; I have family over
Yeah, doctors deserve to be paid a lot, but I’m saying like highest tax brackets (idk the exact breakdowns but people make $200,000+ annually for being like a CEO is v high and) should be taxed more
should get fkd by taxes
and gains a lot
that works a lot
a surgeon
and that as for example
Also, I don’t agree with communism
allows you to gain more money
year spent in school
don't you think
but angela
So idk how to answer the question
I was going to say that I definitely see the importance of different fields and wages to incentivized people going into them (I’m thinking doctor for example).  
But on the other hand, CEOs earn stupid wages for sometimes doing absolutely nothing.  And I think something should be done about that (like much higher taxes for those in the higher wage brackets).
worry not im already aware of it
are you writing an essay on my greatness?
see im helpful
Wow thanks
commie or no
tldr:
40h a week
janitor that works
than
do you get paid more
if you're a lead researcher in cancer curing but work 1 hour a day
I'm having a hard time answering this question

ito is set in stone with the cosmic horror / trypophobia combo
can be a negative point
it sometimes
also sicne its cosmic horror
like carpenter
body horror in a good way
fear of irregular patterns of holes
he doesnt use
yeah thats it
or whatever its called
ito just triggers trypophobia
oh yeah ito isn't really "scary"
@Conroy
wait which question i was at dinner just now
Achktually it was confirmed conroy was black
chuggaaconroy in this tweet
she actually references
ok see

m:(
also feelsbadman @LunarZeta you ignored my question
and it resulted in the junjiito subreddit being filled with random pictures with spirals
"le junji ito reference has arrived" mode
and they go
or a hole
whetheri ts a spiral
that can get associated with ito
every reddit thread (and especially r/pics for some reason oh and also oddysatisfying (idk why  tho))
they assault
junji ito's fanbase is really shitty in my opinion
doesnt mean its not good
amigara's overused as an example of good ito
its fine until the end which still haunts me
the travellogue of the succubus or whatever is called isn't scary
i like amigara fault
gyo
souichi
ito has some really mediocre work
i only got "perhaps tomie quickly gets stale"
and improved upon
of being taken by another author
OH
i said tomie is the only ito work that has lovecraftian kind of potential
i have within the past few months its good
re r ead
tomie was good fuck u
but most of ito's work isn't truly "scary" by any means
idk what you think lunar
quickly gets stale
except for perhaps tomie
ito's work
lovecraft invented something great
ito made some good work but he's no lovecraft
just saw this and im truly triggered
body horror is the only truly scary kind of horror

i haven't been here before hmm
yeah that's it
its really junji ito like for some reason
imsorryjon or osmething
whats the name
i really like that one reddit sub where they make the horror garfield art tho
poor garfield
LMAO
he also looks like rumpelstiltskin from shrek forever after
i feel like nobody will talk about hp in 25 years
https://twitter.com/shanedawson/status/625398310497447936
the fact that she could be retconning relevant stuff
oh yeah
it was totally a distraction
so
and the ring was the wrong size
oh he jacked off on his cat
he said it was a lie but he also did that whole engagement thing
What was the shane dawson tweet
you know whats truly sad
although he got engaged to distract
i feel like we didn't
did we ever get an update on the shane dawson cat tweet
yes
JK Rowling voice: Dumbledore didn't fuck his cat. He didn't cum on his cat. He didn't put his dick anywhere near his cat. Grindelwald, on the other hand... (1/?)
imagine retconning stuff
not really but i wanted to share it
relevant
suck my what
i was like
you know when i first saw smh being used
SMH
its always sweden
gee maybe the swedes have a racism problem despite liberal economic policies
happened to get known
which is the liberal country in europe
swedish people
both notch and pewdiepie
and now he's been trotsky'ed out of minecraft
its pretty funny that
being a public figure
notch is just a sad man that is stuck
👀
notch could buy a small country why does he care about gender dysphoria
exactly
hes a fucking billionaire
why
ok i searched it on twitter why was notch in some transmedicalism debate
conroy why
it makes me kinda sad
what does he think about people dating mtfs
here it is
https://notch.tumblr.com/post/28188312756/gender-in-minecraft
i sent echks something recently
know what he says
but see here's the thing
never truly
yeah its bad
but
i hear al ot of shit about him
bad
trans people
on
what's notch's pov
(the whole audience commits mass suicide)
"notch please just say nazis are bad that it no commentary you just need to say three words" "okay." (notch goes up to the mic) "nazis and communists are bad"
oh my god notch fuck you literally
an 7
his T
why is
no
0
11
so idk
11 isn't = N
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
110813 is L337 SP34K?
lol
General
Splash
Removed splashes referencing Notch:
"Made by Notch!"
"The Work of Notch!"
"110813!"
notch is special kind of fucked up
yeah its real
Ive played in pirate language for 6 years
press f to piss on notch's minecraft rep
Always thought it was a colloquial term
that's the thing
idk
Was it ever called notch apple?
2013 or something
when did they change notch apple's name
Rip
i'll check if it is real
WHAT ARE WE GONNA DO
is that Real
NO MORE NOTHC APPLE
KJHGFD
INSNAE
OH
I feel like my le pen quote killed activity
https://twitter.com/decrepitlab/status/1111023836449902593?s=19
speaking of cool gamers
/s
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
I feel opressed
but I'm just a gamer
60% disagreement rate with feminist movements may sound bad
very bad
wait that sounds bad
uh huh
jkjk
im not totally nazi
uh
BUT
and turkey
vichy conroy will destroy libtards with facts and logic
you know i might have 60% agreement with juche
conroy reveals his power level
i like that song
conroy goes full mask off
ye
YEAH I
But I believe it is a **DETAIL**
i thought conroy was about to go nazi
wack
oh good
lol
OH
ok good
(his quote)
i would hope not
I never studied the question
I'm not saying gas chambers never existed
I'm a big fan of 2nd world war history
wow gee....i dont remember this from hamilton
Jean-Marie Le Pen : Je suis passionné par l'histoire de la Deuxième Guerre mondiale. Je me pose un certain nombre de questions. Je ne dis pas que les chambres à gaz n'ont pas existé. Je n'ai pas pu moi-même en voir. Je n'ai pas étudié spécialement la question. Mais je crois que c'est un point de détail de l'histoire de la Deuxième Guerre mondiale.
Paul-Jacques Truffaut : Six millions de morts, c'est un point de détail ?
Jean-Marie Le Pen : Six millions de morts ? Comment ?
Paul-Jacques Truffaut : Six millions de Juifs morts pendant la Seconde Guerre mondiale, vous considérez que c'est un point de détail ?
Jean-Marie Le Pen : La question qui a été posée est de savoir comment ces gens ont été tués ou non.
Paul-Jacques Truffaut : Ce n'est pas un point de détail !
Jean-Marie Le Pen : Si, c'est un point de détail de la guerre.
OOF
"how can i be racist if i have a black ***friend?***"
-thomas jefferson
trump standing next to kanye,
classic
BLACK F R I E N D
"i have a very good black friend and my butler is from algeria"
its more like
its not the exact quote
"how can i be racist if i employ black people"
-george washington
but he has funny quotes
dude was a douche
"how can i be racist if i employ black people" or something
in the words of jean marie le pen
yeah valid
the best political ideology test is asking yourself why you hate liberals
true
theyre generalistic by the inherent nature
no political ideology test is going to be dead-on
yeah fuck the algerians and vietnamese
ok so it's a bit of a shitty overgeneralistic quiz thats fair
in their eyes
i immediatly vote for le pen
because if i do
i cant like my country
and often does
well nationalist pride easily can slide down to nationalism
but in their quizzes
country above all very bad
but doesn't mean im racist
my country above all
ye
nationalism is country above all
national pride
but in their questions
^
well yeah but national pride doesn't necessarily translate to *nationalism*
i hate people from andorra or switzerland
but doesn't mean
i like my country more than every other
has*
doesn't mean im racist
jeff jas actively harmed more
me liking my country
but on the topic of nationalism
i think this one is a lil easier
ok heres a better question, should jeff bezos or the janitor be crucified
"i want those FAT government salary STACKS"
yes!
actually, if you consider the FREE MARKET, janitors deserve to die
you're not really gonna care about the makeup artists
i might be just a simple country lawyer here at thos coachella festival but who the fuck works at nasa for the pay
they deserve food, housing, healthcare and you know, life
a spielberg movie
you go and watch
its like
well they both deserve food and housing, yes
in whatever way you want
equal in what way
do you think the janitor deserves to be equal to the astronaut at nasa
as in egalitarianism vs stratification
hm okay
are you for the existance of hierarchy in work environment or not
i think it's just general hierarchy
not like gov't vs. self-governing
I interpreted it as social hierarchy until I read the pros and cons
yeah thats one of the less vague questions
communist or fascist
idk that seems pretty clear
this is rather straight forward

Like the first one:
**i wonder why conroy**
and the questions are a little vague
Okay, so I'm finally taking the political sextant quiz
see the thing is nationalism is automatically associated with being a racist in those tests
hah
well they support yellow jackets guess im out of integralism
i see
ah
> liver
livre
like
no
i thought book was livre is that a typo
pain liver
xD
pain book
baguette book
except mutual aid is a better book by kropotkin so
read the bread book read the bread book
conroy read theory challenge
that makes sense
in france integralism is  typically used to identify anything as religiously extreme
francoist spain is on the ideology test tho
i guess the iberian peninsula just really likes that stuff
francoist spain and salazarist portugal are the closest examples of actual integralism that i can think of
mhm
I JUST LIKE STABILITY
maybe...your thoughts and beliefs......if enacted...do more harm than good
integralism is integrating not just religion but an integration of all culture, like the politics, religion, national traditions yadayada very much ingrained as a part of the state and the whole ideology is closely tied to traditionalist conservatism
🤔
BECAUSE I DONT LIKE ANARCHISM
you like bad things
I GET A 60% ON THE FEMINISM ANARCHISM PART
just maybe
maybe
conroy have you considered
lmao
THE TEST IS MADE TO MAKE ME LOOK BAD
SEE THE THING IS
the stylo
le pen
le stylo = pen in French
thank u
It made me laugh so hard
i dont get it
galaxy brain
This is a very underrated joke
conroy is on some next level shit

--quote 560604361651257349
I mean I could vote for Napoleon great great grand child
thank god
we don't have any of those in murica
what
oh yeah conroy you actually probably have integralists and monarchists and stuff over there in france
that
I only like the good side of bad things
religion is that 40%
ye
to integralism
because that's also important
hmm i'm guessing you got high for corporatism then
i was openly agaisnt religion
on every religious questions
bwhats funny is that
this sounds like a horrible idea
(from my limited understanding)
generally
but the core tenet is integration of the catholic church into the state
what a whole coincidence
and wholly compatible with fascism
it's fascism-adjacent
weird
hm
its logo kind of looks like nazi germany
one of my friends is like
a juche integr-
*oh*
integralism is actually interesting but it's very bad
feelsbadman
^
you know your ideology is bad when the first suggested reading starts with the word "fascism"
i dont think theres a juche party in french politics anyway
hmm
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
so /
i dont vote
i guess
ye
a horrible picture of three horrible ideologies
integral nationalism is still lmao
what do you get
if you look atmy results

"its not bad its just like any other bad thing"
hey im trying to justify myself
so pretty bad
yeah
it sounds pretty bad
it just sounds like any authoritarian nationalist thing
doesnt it? because it really does
if you remove "north korea" from the wikipedia article
doesn't sound bad on paper
why
ye
anyways, juche,
yeah
lul
doesn't work
"oh stop doing bad things on the internet !! we'll send you to court"
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HADOPI_law
hadopi exists, doesn't stop us from doing bad things
anything thats a product of Industry lobbying,
still the fact that it exists at all
people are over reacting
le pen more like
the stylo
its not gonna do much
bullllllllllllshit that sucks
oh yeah article 13
so idk
the 3% includes le pen (the dad not marine)
hey we should send the 97% of the people that voted for article 13 in jail
i mean. its probably a good thing you dont have a bastille today because that would mean horrible things for the state of human rights
but it was mostly tagging
yeah they wrote mean things on it
they kind of tried to destroy the arc de triomphe
because it'd have been assaulted already
to the bastille
it's sad that we don't have any equivalent
w/that
yeah i'd agree
l'élysée?
french rev is arguably (easily argued) the most important event in modern western history yes
idk
uh
they could tear down
but the french getting angry at the government and smashing things has had very significant impacts on history in the past so as an outside observer i am interested in what becomes of the yellow jackets
do you have another bastille to tear down
except instead of taking la bastille they just sit at your local roundabout
they're the present day embodiment of the french tradition of getting angry at the government and smashing things
i would agree with that yes
Yellow jackets are the 21st century Pitchfork farmers
yes
ok back to the main topic
uh
or juche
not sure what 21st century protestors have to do with the mexican revolution
monopolizing public toilets
yeah predatory wasps suck
i mean macron sucks but i can see how the yellow jackets would be very annoying
yea
oh yeah they are mostly from rural areas aren't they
you know
they are poor farmers
1789 revolution peasants
Yellow jackets are kind of like
mh
boy what do you think anarchist means
they're far right and far left
the yellow jackets aren't really anarchist they're just mad at the government
can't tell me anarchism's good
ive lived through yellow jackets stopping me at every corner and monopolizing mcdonald's toilets
anarchism is good
that's what i mean
yeah
yeah
yeah
neozapatismo is anarchist
anarchism
but
did you mean: neozapatismo
agricultural independance
uh
ok listen
very totalitarian of you to tell me what i can and cant do
unless you've ever lived in north korea during kim il sung's reign then you can't hate juche
you got me with that radical new thought
ive never heard that one before
wow.....ive been owned
😎
doesn't mean stalin was nice
https://twitter.com/dril/status/496077711434330113
communism sounds good onp aper
ye but like
besides nationalist totalitarianism
north korea
tell me the cons
ok
no
what
no
juche's the answer
also idk how you can be equally marxist, centrist, and anarchist but ok
oh i remember that politic test
mhm
they had a lot of different things packed into individual questions that you couldn't always address
this is honestly my favorite politics quiz
https://8values.github.io/
yeah
I didn't like how a lot of the questions were phrased
idk
wtf
how the fuck do you get
centrist,

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Louis_Mountbatten%2C_1st_Earl_Mountbatten_of_Burma#Death
im relatively happy with how it came out
oh yeah this is the image that was conjured in my mind when the ira was mentioned
i speedran the political compas!
whats up squad
my american brain, despite knowing how tiocfaidh ár lá is pronounced: teeo-cafaiduh are la
oh yeah thats the one!!!
@Conroy do the political compass test and shareeeee

i will be back
ok mention of the ira has just inspired me
oh my god
uhhhhhhhhh gimme a sec
but its the only one I can find
I know im thinking of a different one
funnily enough thats not the one i was thinking of but yeah

lunar your fucking icon im
good enough
wrong image
wait wrong

oh god i love that one
wheres that virgin/chad post but its the virgin american republican vs the chad irish republican
fat mood
🔫
REAGAN
hell yeah tim youre a commie now
wow Tim I can't believe you're a commie now
ronald reagan really liked it
and fusionism tried to fuse them together
after ww2 there was a divide between libertarianism and republicanism(conservatism)
its basically
I've never heard of it
what the heck is fusionism even
^^^^
everything about fusionism is so..bad

Now this is good

Also, it just made me upset again thinking about our current presidency
It didn't really hit me before as a preteen, but I understand now more than before
I know this is music, but I just heard it again for the first time in a while
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0GyBY-5vg8A
Also, this is pretty neat

LMAO
we been knew
Yeah Joe is literally evil
Woo
FUCK
ANCAP

its not like im a gamers rise up kind of guy also!!
like there's a single man vs woman question and i answered neutral!!
thus i dislike both
it's the fact i dislike a certain ideology
I'm not saying I'm agaisnt it !!
yes
considering the only thing that separates them from the broader ideology theyre a part of is the "women have rights" bit
not classic feminism
to my defensxe they are
am i sexist if in the like worst ideologies part I have 2 feminist ideologies
juche is just great value brand MLism mixed with idolatry and nationalism
juche is fineee
wéhat do you mean
FUCK OOOOFFFFFFFFFF
PICTURE OF BUSH
LOL
"compassionate"

and then i google it and people really believe some of this,
im reading the ideologies page and its just like......what are half these things
Just to save for later

okay
conroy are you like
um
conroy wtf
juche and integralism lmfao





JUCHE
Communism 🤔
not that bad finally
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
you know, north korea
yikes
I agree

anarcho naturism lolno
^me
http://politicalsextant.com/quiz/?1=2&2=2&3=-2&4=2&5=-1&6=-2&7=-2&8=-2&9=-1&10=-2&11=-2&12=2&13=2&14=2&16=2&17=-2&18=2&19=2&20=0&21=2&22=-2&23=-2&24=2&25=2&26=-2&27=-2&28=-1&29=2&30=1&31=-2&32=2&33=-1&34=2&35=2&36=2&37=-2&38=-2&39=-2
this quiz is mildly interesting
http://politicalsextant.com
policomp is a lie bc the bottom left doesnt extend two full squares lower and to the left for me
policomp is a lie it places me more libertarian than truth
insane
i remmeber taking this i was on the exact middle except i was one to the right

or is it just you erica and I that have a left bigger than 6
actually how radical is squid squad
feet claw
Yeet haw
stop outdoing me

also im willing to bet if I average out this entire chat it'll be in the 3rd quadrant
even if its like 33k people
so its a biased sample
okay so this is interesting I think the types of people who take the political compass test are more likely to be in the third quadrant
pretty ***nifty***
this is
also
https://www.gotoquiz.com/politics/poli-compare.html
I should make my own one of these
correct


oh unironically this is my fave policomp meme


ok
KJHGFHJ
These are so ominous
this is the best one actually

i guess
shes a western world leader?
yeah
Angela Merkel is top right ?
heres one of those political ones u wanted

oh god
I'd like to think that bottom left is the solo person getting run over

oh uh


can confirm, that bitch ate it
I wasn't sure where that was going in "DT is Christ-like. . . ." and that was great
yknow
center: john mccain was an american hero who will be sorely missed
the sides: lol this bitch ate it
omg the bottom left though xDD
Courtesy of Ken M
yea
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/522259792446750750/542498744696832043/JxTwLgs.png
hating liberals is what brings opposing sides together
"here's how hillary can still win" yall im trying to be brief here
hillary supporters
^
What is that?
have you ever opened #StillWithHer twitter,
fine
my twitter is full of cute animal vids, thx
have you ever opened twitter,
^ that too
Why do all of them hate liberals
yes

oh and

I think I fall between her and Halsey, etc.
Also Carly Rae Jepsen is amazing
That's tiny

~~send them here~~
: P
What are some good political compass charts (of like where parties/political figures are) or memes?
peachy is valid
Oh yeah, I had my brother take it too: https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/347234220361515008/560472669175283713/chart.png
I ended up a tiny bit more left and a tiny bit more up
@timfoolery bc you wanted to see it

I haven’t done survival mode since 1.9
Yo those updates seem so sick wtf I wanna play Minecraft again
So there's no reason for them not to continue
You can still play any older version of MC @LunarZeta
Tbh though
hytale will be better
what wonderful updates that belong in a decent mod pack and not the base game
https://i.imgur.com/XPn8Zdn.jpg
I hate to point out that any movie I haven't seen can't be good until I've judged it
So just need to watch vol 2
Already watched vol 1
youre watching both kill bills?
pulp fiction is iconic tho as is kb
that is so homophobic
they took it off?
I was going to watch reservoir dogs but it wasnt on netflix so i ended up choosing kill bill, pulp fiction, and the hateful eight
I'm looking forward to going on a movie marathon when I'm older for all the movies I've missed during my childhood years
reservoir dogs is best tarantino movie i stand by that
ooo
Not sure if i’ve been meaning to watch them, but i’m gonna have to watch some tarantino movies for my film class final project
and ive wanted to watch what happened miss simone for like 3 years and ive never gotten around to it
or million dollar baby
i havent seen 9
I've heard mixed reviews on it
I haven't watched Bird Box either
i wanna watch the harvey milk movie
confession i actually have not watched bird box
Beale Street looks so good !!!!!
oH THAT
Ooooh, what's that? o:
I've heard good things about Chinatown
i still havent seen beale street
Lalaland
The Godfather too
I think I also need to watch Kiki's Delivery Service oops
The first thing that popped into my mind was Brokeback Mountain idk why
March 26, 2019 — Question of the Day:
What is a good movie that you've been meaning to see for a while now but just haven't gotten around to it?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uwimf72h5qA

real gamer girl
As much as I like winter, I’m always so much happier when the sun’s out
There’s so much sun hallelujah

Free game rn
https://www.humblebundle.com/store/tacoma
Nah the rumour about it being yesterday was a jebait
did ucsd come out yet? :)
much easier to say
Sour CReam and Onion
Scrumawhat
just get scronion chips
You do in sour cream and onion dip
You scoop with potato chips
I wouldn’t mind it, but it’s also fine on its own
^^^
I’d accept doing it though
Dipping potato chips in stuff seems excessive
the new You Suck at Cooking video is maybe convincing me otherwise
it strikes me as weird also
I definitely don't
"sometimes"
-friend
that seems weird to me
hey question do you dip potato chips in stuff
Same RIP
oops i was wrong about minutiae
Which I contested because it is biblical, just not from the bible
Okay, but your follow up argument was that it wasn't biblical
"The bible never says anything straight" and its not from the bible
Note "relating to"
bib·li·cal

/ˈbiblik(ə)l/

￼Learn to pronounce

adjective

relating to or contained in the Bible.

"the biblical account of creation"

resembling the language or style of the Bible.

"there is a biblical cadence in the last words he utters"

very great; on a large scale.

"we need rainfall of biblical proportions to bring us back to normal"
it doesnt
Does
It
Yes
But which are in reference of
it really doesnt
Biblical encompasses things not from the bible
this is from the peasant revolt of 1831 in england
KappaPride
the bible says a lot of things straight
and besides its not biblical
idk i think john 11:35 is pretty straightforward
Anyone who says otherwise is wrong
The bible never says anything straight
Let me start with it's biblical
Okay so

this doesn't make any sense to me
what is it asking exactly >>
but
It's talking about sex
Uuuuuh
What does this mean

I'm in a similar boat which is why I need that sleep too lol
Yikes
I did it to make up for the 5 hours total I slept the past two nights before
God I wish that were me
I just woke up after sleeping a whole 12 hours
fkldnnndj
https://store.steampowered.com/app/567380/
This is still haunting me
https://preview.redd.it/j2basdegcli21.jpg?auto=webp&s=8883a956fe673ec0152e371ee3b37878cbf0e093
See you're doing it again
pshh wha
You sound very high
I'm watching anime
noo
Angela are you high rn
also, ALL OUT!! is basically Masochism101
wOW
at least we have the comedy part down since it's a joke
Completely qualifies as that
Overwatch League
I mean if you think about it
"comedic and cute sports anime"
I watched an episode of Ace of the Diamond (disappointing), and now I'm watching ALL OUT!! (p cute but idk)
(it's p specific so sorry about that)
?
Anyone have any suggestions
so, I started watching Haikyuu!! again (we're watching it in Anime Club), and now I'm craving comedic and cute sports anime
ooooh
we're finally getting a warm week god bless
awesomeee
ah
yeah that's still gucci
Yall them smart peoples.
so is that ok
well I'm gonna have 5 college level classes but only 3 will actually be ap
tho I wish I hadn't taken physics
I'm only doing two
oo okay
3 is plenty
no
I'm taking 4 this year
does it look bad tho?
yeah probably
is 3 ap classes enough for senior year
rip
I did not take apush
APUSH is close enough
ohhh
ah we don't have that
uh
ap* american
one is for comparing world governments
american gov and politics?
there are two
wait isn't there only one gov
gov?
also we skimmed like 1/3 of the book
that ending was so bad
ugh huck finn
I didn't mind it as much as Huck Finn
comp gov or us gov?
okay TEWWG wasn't that bad really
wait which gov
I keep getting mixed answers
I asked almost every senior I know
I can ask my friend who is taking it
I think I might do ap gov and regular lit
what about ap gov?
how nice
the only things I've heard is that it brings death
do you guys recommend ap lit
i heard scarlet's impossible to understand
haven't read scarlet tho
I didn't mind TEWWG that much
have you guys read scarlet letter
this book sucks
ah okay thanks guys
and those can be positive or negative really
It's just kind of like a bias that someone has
I think judgement can be positive
yeah I'd say she's being judged there
I mean, yeah, I think that counts
and I'm thinking of her stroll down the road and some men admiring her while the women are kinda jealous (?)
well I'm supposed to look for "references to judging/judgement"
bees and trees
it's so hard to understand
Oh god that book
I'm in luck
OH
yep
I mean, my snap-judgement of you could be that you were sweet and fun to be around
have yall read Their Eyes were Watching God
You can have prideful judgement..
uhh like how so
can judgement be admiration?
not necessarily
^the word judgement
does judgement have to always have a negative connotation?
hello i have a question
At least it does in Kentucky.
Daylight Savings is tonight everyone panic
Youre welcome!
thanks for letting me know
that's neat
ohhH
Thats a free to play game, its a DLC thats 100% off.
(Free to download until Monday apparently)
Free game on Steam for a limited amount of time
https://store.steampowered.com/app/489520
I love it
I never thought that I’d read that sentence in my lifetime
their song isn't bad either
i thought you would appreciate it
i did see this
https://www.gaytimes.co.uk/culture/119362/icelands-entry-for-eurovision-is-an-anti-capitalist-techno-bdsm-band/
this is some uplifting news tho
me irl
the replies are just so many brand accounts we live in hell
oh god oh fuck
maybe
hmm
oh
wasnt it moon pie that did that
it #owned
and burger king offered emotional support to sunny d
fucking i cant remember this shit anymore
no that was sunny d
have i mentioned that a cookie has crippling depression
i love corporations being #relatable
i can
fishing
I can't believe Wendy's streams on Twitch
anyways
peachy why
all their food looks like how a weeb imagines their anime gf would look
come to arby's sugoi desu~~ uwu
it makes absolute sense
consume
i can
corporations are just like us
I can't believe whoever runs the Arby's account is a weeb
THEY LEARNED EITHER NOTHING OR EVERYTHING FROM THQNORDIC
also
it is a woman so it must be celebrating women ?
NOT
DO
DO NOT
I WAS JUST SCROLLING DOWN A LITTLE AND THERES ALREADY QUESTIONABLE IMAGES
you see, it is a woman
OH GOD NO
wrong
no
unrelated to international women's day but yeah
calling a drawing that is clearly of a young girl the "arby's waifu" and encouraging people to draw...artwork of her
arby's posted this
https://twitter.com/Arbys/status/1104049390749138950
okay anyway
literally Just scrolled onto this as i got your message notif
OKAY
OH
THAT WAS WHERE I WAS LIKE
YEAH
https://twitter.com/spookperson/status/1104132070190702592?s=19
this one is a doozy
ok so
it's soooo good
how the fuck do you do it
that shit Just came on my timeline
um ?
weird that arbys decided to celebrate national women's day by baiting pedophiles on twitter but i guess it's empowering
Happy national self affirmation day for women
Happy International** Women's Day
If anyone here is a furry, it would be him
haha danger is dating a cougar
When she’s older than me 😃
Throwback to when a guy saw me with my gf and told me later “aren’t you a little too old to be with her”
I was tempted to check every other box but I went with honesty
also they are check boxes so check all that apply
https://goo.gl/forms/19R50yFSw3ofjWsl2
okay so Im curious about what the equation for "is it okay for person of age x to date person of age y" is so I made a poll to gauge your opinions and i'll post the results if people actually take it
I can't believe it's not butter
I can't believe it's already Thursday
one more day ahh
I can't believe it's not Friday
I can't imagine it's very large
but i needed it to install
hm
yeah mine doesnt open the launcher
you probably need it installed
you can modify the exe to not open the eg launcher when you run the game
But worth the launcher ?
yeah its worth it for free sr
that being said, the game is pretty great, and worth picking up
epic games is pretty awful, not in practice, but in principle, because they're trying to fragment the videogame market with exclusive games
I'm wondering if it's worth it to download the EG launcher just for SR
epicgames sucks dick slime rancher is good
How good is EpicGames and/or Slime Rancher?
I’ve kinda run out of time to do that
wouldn't hurt
I nearly qualified for nationals D:
Do you have to win nationals in something to look competitive
Facts
😂
I still have work to procrastinate
I haven't gone to bed before 12 regularly on school nights since like 8/9th grade, I don't think it's likely to change now
if you are sleeping past 12 senior year second semester you're doing it wrong
that is for some reason separate from the Latin: Literature test
also, why is there an AP test on just Vergil ??
like spending the last 3 hours wasting time instead of writing my ethics essay outline
in other ways I'm really dumb
in some ways
you're smart
you will be ok
I have my first good math teacher since freshman year so hopefully I'll live
yikes
It was fine at first and now I've fallen
"a bit"
yeah that sounds a bit more complicated
ah
we're doing applications of integrals and rotating graphs in 3d
?
OH
we're just about to have our first quiz on integrals
what are you guys learning rn
idk it's just kinda clicked for me because I'm pretty good at remembering equations and I can usually think about it in terms of distance, velocity, and acceleration which makes it easier to visualize stuff
ah
IM ALSO IN AB
I'm only in AB calc tho
I do so bad on the assessments
what
oh
I find it the easiest math I've taken in highschool
why?
I hate calc with a passion
now you do
until now
I did not know this either
ap physics *c*alculus
I learned yesterday that they call it ap physics c because
my teacher expects us to know more calc than I do tho so for a while I was having tests using integrals in physics and only just beginning the unit in my physics class
yeah we've got a decent amount of calc and stuff
I'm doing physics 1 lol
you didnt specify that D:
oH
I still haven't learned moment of inertia  ;-;
which might be different than your AP Physics
we're also doing AP Physics C: Mechanics
torque
what unit are you guys on in physics
yeah that'll be interesting to see
can't wait to see how much you guys bring the acceptance rates down lolol
all class of 2019 people I know are insanely smart or talented
gonna be such a pain for me since I applied cs though
and same
since I already got neu if all else fails
i wanna get into ucla so bad
but if I don't get into them it's also a whatever
also thanks cynthia
I'll know if I'm in sometime between now and May
best of luck robin
rather then send out an acceptance in just one wave
oh gosh
accept people over a period of time
what's rolling?
if I get into one of those schools I"m actually gonna be so hyped
ahhhhh gl joe
they do rolling so I'm just dying
i'm still praying for a UCLA, UCB, or Rice acceptance
I keep finding threads of people who got into ubc and its making me sad 😦
but if not there's plenty of other options
I screwed up my gpa
there's always a chance
It's not gonna happen
nice
I *had* a dream school of Stanford
also do you have any dream schools yet?
do it if you have the time and money
what if I just applied to ivies for fun
and didn't want to do any interviews
I didn't want to write any more essays than I had to
only EDed Brown and didn't get in
I didn't take the time to shotgun though since I didn't feel like it
nah
yeah
did you guys apply to any for the heck of it
but not perfect
like a lot of people on the sub are like top of their classes probably
I find it pretty interesting to look at since I decided pretty early on not to go for any ivies
idk that's a random number I pulled out
are you sure it's 3.7/3.8?
eh the favoritism for the higher ranked colleges is relatable/understandable for me
Theyre so whiny and have a mindnumbingly annoying kink for ""prestigious"" colleges
I just go there for the memes
oh yeah of course
Lmao r/applyingforcollege is filled with asshats
I feel like it's commonly closer to 3.7 or 3.8/4 for a lot of people
eh
everyone in there has 4.0
they're like mildly relatable for me sometimes
pshh
i don't think I've seen a single realistic, relatable post in there
but where else do you go to see people spamming about their college acceptances?
no
clearly /r/applyingtocollege is the best place for college stuff
I am nothing compared to these people
it's crazy
nice
"Yeah I got into Stanford"
Someone started talking and goes
It's crazy in there
now that's what I call a senior slump
damn
I swear I saw a 59 or something
some people in the ap discord have 60s-70s
me except its a super steep decline

as a second semester senior I applaud those grades
I'm actually experiencing a slow grade decline in pretty much all my classes

what's T1
mood
I'm just getting carried by my T1 and T2 grades at this point
yeah
oh man
and even he has times where he gets confused in the class
like the sciency kid at my table who's science team president corrects him multiple times a class
my teacher just has a monotone voice and she doesn't really engage the class
and repeats this multiple times a class
LOL
Then says "oops I did this part wrong" and go back a bunch of steps
like he might go through an entire problem
well yeah
mine does but the issue is he does it terribly
I have ap calc, ap physics, ap lang, and ap french
same
my ap physics teacher doesn't teach anything
yeah the AP Physics teacher options this year were kinda terrible
hopefully if I have to take it again in college the teacher will actually be decent
Also Cynthia what AP exams do you have this year?
like that was the case for AP Lang for me
rn I'm just praying that the AP physics exam turns out to be easier than the class
I'm gonna do so bad too
rip it probably won't matter much unless you're doing something physics related in college
I regret paying the money
I think I'm gonna be screwed for the ap physics exam
ok good
i agree
the essays suck though
same
~~I actually enjoy the ap lang mc questions just slightly~~
so I guess they're just different types of questions
I know that there are also a fair chunk of people who find them harder
yeah
for me it was just the way to think about questions was easier
I found out I got a 90% on my practice ap lang MC
I think I was the same
Is it normal to find ap lang MC easier than sat reading MC
oh hello crepe
smh tryhards
that's a thing? nice
i see cynthia on the ap discord owo
although the areas I lived in were slightly more rural than where I live in MA
same with connecticut
uh back when I lived in New York my family was pretty close with our neighbors
And both me and the kids next door we’re staring at each other mouths open bc it was like “wtf they’re so different now)
I didn’t see them again after that cause we had different school schedules but I saw them again recently
I went to the house of one of my neighbors who had like 3 kids a little younger than me like 6 years ago
We gift each other food sometimes and talk to them whenever we see them
Yes we know our neighbors
Where I live which is a little bit away from Seattle we tend to just ask what floor they need and then I'll press it for them if I'm standing close/vice versa
I figured that people in Seattle really don't care and they just keep to themselves
@Instantramen_ it really depends
Also the wife does not know how to stop talking ever
And you can actually see our plants, you can't see theirs
Because our front yard is the size of their entire property
The issue is:
1.) That's illegal during most of the year
2.) Because they're doing that into *our* yard, the deer then proceed to eat *our* plants instead
Oh right so part of why we're at war with the people next to us is they keep chucking corn over their fence to keep the deer out of their plants
what
If they're bad you chuck the corn they keep throwing over the fence back into their yard so the deer stop eating your plants
If they're good then you invite them over every fourth of july, exchange christmas gifts at the neighborhood christmas party, etc
Yes that's exactly how it works
idk what Texan attitude is toward your neighbors tbh, I think its very situational. If they good then they good, if they bad then you call HOA on their ass over their slightly overly long grass in a petty revenge, and thus *you* become the bad neighbor
And by half I really mean just the people next to us because everyone else has figured out how not to be douchebags or has left, or has died
oh my
That said, we're waging a private war with half of them
We *do* technically
i dont
Well uh
btw do y'all like know your neighbors? Because that's not too much of a thing here as far as I can tell
kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
Welsh accent more like "baaaa baaa"
Welsh...
yeah the only english accent harder for americans to understand than scottish is northern irish
Whit th' fook dae ye mean thes is perfectly legible englsh mucker .
I couldn’t understand them though lol
Not in Edinburgh
But only in the small towns
When I went to Scotland the atmosphere was a bit similar where it was really normal to just talk to people on the street
or in general its so bizarre to me like the concept of interacting with strangers for no reason at all
if they do that i assume theyre visitors or smth
like talk to people in elevators
idk its weird for people to do that here
Wet
@cynthia what is it like in the PNW?
^
I mean sometimes people do that it's just not terribly common/expected
Come on down
Southern hospitality fellas
Hell yeah
In my office building you usually say hi how are you what floor they answer everything then one of you goes off and you both say have a great day. That’s like the bare minimum, you also talk on the elevator about whatever stuff sometimes too
But if im on a sidewalk and pass someone i say hi, unless they have earplugs in or smth then i just nod
I mean yeah if its crowded im not going to say hi to every single person
there's so many people
but downtown?
also like I kinda get saying hi if you're walking in your neighborhood
and nothing when they leave
I wait for them to say what floor or press it themselves
"Which floor?"
And when they leave just a nod or smile
Nothing
You’re standing by the buttons of an elevator, it stops at a floor that’s not yours and somebody comes on. What do you say when they come in and when they leave?
Guess thats a cultural difference
what
Even if its in downtown
Bruh i say hi to at least 10 people every time i go for a walk
Okay etiquette question for yall
I don’t think its weird, but its unexpected/unusual
its not weird you inept shoelace
it's a random person, there's no reason to say hello
I’m not that excited, autocorrect
Wth**
WTH
Of course that’s not weird
people do it to me sometimes, and I do that to other people
it's really not weird omg
yeah
someone random said hi to me on the street and I spent like a day or two arguing if that was wierd or not with @Peacheon and @timfoolery I think
i just smile at people
but strangers not really
or people I know at school
I do the nod or smile for like co-workers
and YOU'LL FEEL GOOD ABOUT IT
in the midwest the most human interaction you can expect is a little mutual nod when you pass someone on the sidewalk
the south is like that i noticed when i was down there
idk if its similar in other states but its noice
its like the little things that just make a nice atmosphere. Like you can pretty much always expect a stereotypical heavyset Texan  dude to notice you having trouble with your car and offering to jump start it, and things like that
its less having random small talk and more just literally everyone smiles at you when you pass them, say good morning/hiya/howdy whatever, if youre in a line for something yeah there'll be small talk, usually about the food because if we're being honest here most lines are for food
LOL
last time that happened it was a stranger on the bus who tried to convince me not to wear glasses
I don't like talking to strangers in public though
it transcends region
yeah
that's a universal thing
except on the road, then everyone's a dick
In Texas everyone is so fuckin nice to each other it's great
Then yeah it’s a lot more like New England culture
But people who have been here a long time or they’re like 2nd-3rd generation immigrants who have been here their whole life
Like it’s more common for immigrants here because that’s how the culture is in many Latin American countries
But I think that cultures kinda declining
I mean here even with strangers it’s pretty normal to strike up a conversation with strangers like in the line for something
Also greeting people with hugs and kisses sound horrible
Probably
It's probably just a relative thing, differing from place to place
but idk I don't see it
In the Northeast, we're really mind-my/your-own-business, so I guess that may come off as rude ?
Also, Boston really isn't that rude, as others have been saying
I would love to greet people with hugs and kisses that sounds great
Yeah my standard for politeness is someone’s fine if they mind their own business and arent rude when unprovoked
yeah
So different standards for different people of what’s polite or not
^
that? awful
Like where I’m from everyone’s pretty open to each other and we greet friends and family with hugs and kisses regardless of gender
and ct
new york is rude too
I mean it could be a culture thing from the girl that moved from Boston
I think the rudeness is way exaggerated
I’ve lived in new york and connecticut in the past and the people felt the same as people in boston
new england in general is more brash and whatever than the rest of the country
idk rude is subjective
is that true? I kind of doubt it tbh
She said that Boston had a lot of rude people
I met someone that moved from Boston to here a couple weeks ago
Snowday is very doubtful
nooo but snow day 😔
"one momo" -lunar
I'd honestly be so happy with a 2 hour delay since I'd get to miss Physics and English
Snowday Calc dropped from 90 to 68
the snow is supposed to stop around 7/8 so probably a delay if anything
hoping for a snowday, but knowing this year's snow day luck so far I doubt it
and wind chill for the entire US
another snow storm coming in for Midwest/east coast ppl soon!!!
ecks dee
what are these “snow days” you speak of
That's not a real number
*laughs in Floridian*
could be worse but ehhh
like 5-6 in february
How many snow days so far?
but that’s a big yike
as a senior this is unrelatable
it's at the point where i'm constantly hoping that i *get* to go to class rather than the opposite
i have gotten so fucking many classes canceled because of snow this semester
not a snow day and we’re really only missing one class but ill take it
yea yeet two hour delay bc of snow
Yeah what’s up
does anyone take AP lit
what does this mean
mE
"I'm intingggg" -only died once
damn thats true
32/36 means only 4 people did better than you
that puts u like 98th percentile
it really is according to comapp
Not even lol
fine top 2%
32 is good though
1450 isn’t top 1% lol
32 is great man who are you
oh hey why is it that most of the cool people that I like the most got good scores on everything but math on the act
see I told you 32 is good uwu
my math score was like 8 points lower than every other one of my scores
i feel u on the not doing too hot on not reading stuff
ok thank you
32 is p good what the heck
yea
literally nothing that happens in florida makes sense
🤔
because i could
fuckin i dont remember
havent taken it since
why were u taking it at 12
i got a 25 when i was like 12
32 act is like 1450 sat aka top 1%
im inadequate boy
idk
how is 32 bad
yeah
isnt it out of 36
i did get perfect reading tho so that's a silver lining
rip
when u literally get a 32 on the ACT
bottom text

at least i'm just a sophmore because man i did not do too hot on anything other than reading
Don't
never watched it
Thoughts on Diamond Hoe
Revenge is still good tho
It would have exploded before you lit it
i listened to minecraft style for the first time in a while a few weeks ago and i very briefly wanted to throw a piece of tnt down my throat and light it
Ikr?
bows used to be so broken
TNT is a horrible explosive
As is Dynamite
ANFO is a superior explosive
You are objectively wrong
LMAO IT'S SO GOOD
tnt good
i wanna listen to it now
tnt is not as good as 12 year old me thought it was
gangnam style had over 2 billion views i believe
also listening to it now
it definitely did not
Mmmaybe
Idk
There was a lot of shit that went down around that, thanks Sony
seeing as Gangnam style was literally the most viewed video on youtube
I don't think that's true
🤔
Pretty sure the original Minecraft Style passed Gangam Style too
Not even the most viewed video of ol' Cpt. Sparklez
also TNT is 8 years old today
this is very important



The audience patiently awaits the Fuel to make their entrance, but Effect sprints out to the audience ahead of schedule. The fans cheer confused as he puts his entire body weight into his right fist and sends it flying into a fans jaw. The surprised fuel fan collapses to the ground and all the fans momentarily stop cheering. “Please welcome to the stage... effect?” Pucket barely mumbles out before Effect struts up to the stage, and slowly starts destroying every fuel member’s monitor but two. “Get out here NOW” he screeches to closer. He obeys and runs to the monitor. The match starts and Effect instalocks tracer, demanding Closer to pick mercy. The match starts with only the two on Dallas’s side as he picks off each member of Shanghai one by one, with only a damage boost from closer. A gurney has been brought for the fan who is now suffering a shattered skull, and the police are waiting for Effect off stage, since none of them want to risk stopping him now. The map ends and they’re instantly flung into another and another and another with no time for commercial break as Effects momentum can not be stopped. Monte and Doa have been trying to keep up with him, but Doa broke down in tears upon seeing what effect wrote to him in all chat. Effect (and closer, if his presence can be considered as nothing more than a moth being attracted to effects glowing rage) 4-0 Shanghai at a blazing fast speed. Effect goes over to shake their hands, but instead stabs Diem in the stomach before he can get up and does a half lunge forward to the rest of the Dragons, scaring them off. He then goes back to his seat and loads up OSU, the police have left as they have realized they have no chance in stopping him, and he spends the next 12 hours there playing OSU and sending hate messages to Steevo on Twitter.
Nope I don’t have enough space in my room
anyone play VR?
i think that might be the way to do it in all honesty
i played hl2 first lmao
I only played the original
what about hl2
whaaa
It's very dated imo
I could never get into half life
technically they are not really zombies in the traditional sense but also they're kind of zombies yes
That's the game with zombies, isn't it?
honestly half-life holds up really well
That was a long time ago tho
When I first switched from cs to overwatch I was actually really good at widow
If you really want to improve your aim you should play cs:go
really cool and unique take
its like a BR but with magic and wizard stuff
called spellbreak
that if you go to their website you can sign up and theyll give you a key after a few days
theres actually a fun game in alpha rn
then doesnt it not matter if your aim is bad?
but if the point is to get better at them
but I don't have any and my aim is atrocious ahh
for some reason I want to play an FPS, so I can get better at them
Chess battle royale
Oh yeah, @Tabletop Sim Squad ?
and Tabletop
well, I guess that is on Steam
games on Steam*
Chess
<3
thanks but no thanks
Overwatch competitive mode
Anyone have any game recommendations ?
ow
i love jackbox
theyre party games
What is it
Yes
ooo yeah
Jackbox games?
That
Is
What
owo
@​here Jackbox anyone?
They keep re-joining and leaving x_x
sounds gay
Nice to meet you
Woah someone new!

FILL THIS HOLE UP HOLE FILLER

ty
the volume is great asf anyway
Ok
i think ti might be this one
Spirals 😄
oh god
I know it has something to do with spirals but that's it
I shall yes
if possible
go in it blind
Maybe I'll just go ahead and read Uzumaki today actually
Yeah I didn't read that one
its the one with the girl and the two clubs
Okay
i think it's in between the 8th and 12th volume
🤔
wtf
every manga website is down
Huh I'm not sure if I read that one
My favorite might actually have been The Long Dream, not because it was scary at all but it was just *good*
looking for name
Which one?
there's one of him that made me feel so fkin bad despite being the dumbest plot idea
Okay yeah
I'll definitely read it though because wow some of those short stories were good
Uzumaki is 18 chapters
I only read the short stories last night
That's one of his longer works, right?
I think Uzumaki is amongst my favorite in th horror genre
layers of fear
But HOLY *SHIT*
I forgot the name of the one about the curse that gave that girl layered skin
Seriously I have to agree
really fucking good for body horror
not scary-scary but you know
legit the only thing remotely scary
junji ito is so fucking good for horror manga standart
YOU HAD SOMETHING SO GOOD
AND THEN YOU RUINED IT BY EXPLAINING FUCKING NOTHING IN A REALLY BAD AND UNSATISFYING WAY
the last story I read was army of one and that one just made me mad anyway
nawww it's fine
Probably not the best idea at midnight
wow fuck you robin you just sent me down a junji ito rabbit hole for a whole hour
https://v.redd.it/7d88tq10c7i21
whatevee
play
solid book
yeah
Has anyone read the crucible before
Noice
<:ZoomEyes:400037740277923841>
💕💕💕
Love it
tyty uwu
Nice!!
Damn dude that's hella pretty!
I painted a thing
You make me feel crazy
Don't be crazy
What
I remember now. My moose is doing fine. I healed its leg and rode it all the way to Narnia to see it's friends and family
idk, you didn'texplain when I asked
Why wouldn't animal control help?
You said you were feeding it, and animal control wouldn't help
You know? The one with the broken leg?
I'm so confused
No, I know you don't but remember, one wandered into your backyard the other day?
i believe the plural is "meece"
I don't live near mooses
Your moose
My what?
How is your moose, @Bugcat
I'm not gonna even ask
monky
thing!
echks!
skrim!

It's a good show
I have never heard of the show altered carbon
https://apple.news/ADh2rknDBRhC3J3LX6fW95w




🔄
nou
nahh u
so toxic
L
f
RIP in peace Erik
indeed
but im one to talk really
ripperoni
R.I.P erik, fell asleep
who's the non
also, join the call !
thanks
love the name
it looks like a broken heart to me
it kind of does woah
that looks like a bow and arrow
~~<3~~
yes!
do i
u tolerate us
cease
no
hewwo?
h
Hello !
HEWWO??

To get legit tests you probably have to buy some books
does anyone know where you can find multiple choice practice for any AP class
wha why
*concerned for angela's sleep schedule*
Tammie congrats !!!!!
!!
nothing wrong with skidding on ice
you had to do running practice when the ground was frozen though
pshh
It was beautiful today
those muscle gains > running outside when the ground's frozen
But 13.5 miles <:GWmiyanoAngry:398867470066253835>
but tamy the gym beckonssss
@NotJoe could’ve ran half a marathon with me today 👀
!!! nice
yeet
i can drive now
Hello 911 I'd like to report a crime
I was paid in oranges and lime sparkling water to forge a document for a teacher
slorp
nooOo
Cat roll sounds like something I would eat tbh
ITS SO CUTEEEEEE
5 MINUTES
I JUST WATCHED THIS CAT ROLL AROUND IN FRONT OF ME FOR LIKE
https://mobile.twitter.com/Reinforce/status/1095850448592953344
Also
also neat o:
wow okay
> 4 am girl
Philly v London and gladiators v Seoul
Uber and MrX are casting the first two games btw
I agree with 4 am girl
^^^
~~happy owl day~~
happy valentines day!
I mean, that's an inherent property of any new phone vs an old phone
battery life and speed
but generally i just like it bc its way better than my old phone performance wise
where u turn ur face into an emoji and it moves around like u
you can do the animoji thing
when u facetime ppl
ive got the xr as well and its worth it bc
also g’morning — 
~~I just needed to remember what time I went to bed so I can put it in the Health app~~
I don’t see why they removed such useful features.  I feel like wireless/Bluetooth should have been a choice, like a hip new optional feature
I’m not sure if I’ll switch to Android or get an older version of the iPhone (5/SE-6), but I refuse to buy any of the new ones !
Charge and play music without a wireless smth
iPhone XR, and..i dont use phones by much means, so i likely aint a good judge, but ive yet to find something it cant do.
Galaxy S6 or S7, whatever the latest one is.
It was weird at first but now fabulous
me too
echks cant hear you over the sound of your poor
oof $600
letters
s8
er
@Peacheon samsung i8. it works good
it doesnt deserve more recognition
i dont actually know the model of my phone its just android
samsung j7, it does what i need it to do. A bit slow, camera is pretty shit, but apart from that, its pretty solid, especially considering its price
iPhone 7 and I’m disappointed by it more and more everyday
fuck android lives i need costar android now
Moto G4 is probably around a 6 or so, it's not like high end, but it works pretty well and hasn't given me many problems until recently (and most importantly is cheap!)
What kind of phones do y’all have, and how much do you like it on a scale of 1-10 ?
In general
more respect in general, or just towards you specifically
And the youth of this era do need to show more respect.
If you want total honesty, my left lung is not in as good a shape as it could be, there's still residual issues that crop up occasionally from when I had walking pneumonia my freshman year
I *mean*
For a split second when reading that I thought Machine had been in a terrible accident
My left lung is busted, my hip needs replacing, and the youth of this era need to show more respect!
Now who stole my dentures...
Ill top ya, my ankles and knees click and crack as i walk.
my knees are creaking
yall making me feel old now
happy birthday! @pi
Thank
You t-
Oh
Happy Birthday Pi!
pi birth
Thamnks uwu
@pi happy birthday!!!
tbh
I’m so fucking tired
lead me to the laaaAAAaand
But because everyone references it I just feel like I’ve heard it before
I can’t actually remember listening to that song
ocean man take me by the hand
*where it belongs*
if florida ever got too much snow the weight of it all would cause the state to properly sink into the atlantic
wowieeeeeeeeeee
no snow
Florida has
guess what
Stop flexing on us
I think this year record was 14 inches here
How nice
O h
haha bad

yes okay never mind we're all good
i adjusted how i was sitting and i think its getting better now
actually no i think id die
ok
hit it a lot
yikes
help
i cant move
oh fuck my leg is asleep real bad
we’ve had long weekends for the past 5 weeks
NO SCHOOL TOMORROW
scrubby
This is the ideal male body. You may not like it, but this is what peak performance looks like.

if brigitte^^ says that that's how you know its funny
actually not funny
no
stop

I agree
smh joe why are you living on the west coast
clearly the roles have switched
that's s a d
zilch
Is there no snow for y’all
Now I wait for no school
This is just what I needed
O h my
Whatever. I'm sure someone over there deserves it
I agree
I think we can all blame Cynthia for asking for snow so much
nice amount of snow over there I see

We're gonna get something on Tuesday, but it's gonna be like a crap ton of rain, snow, and ice and it's coming in the evening so we get all the suffering without any snow day probably
Damn that's a lot of snow
Truck it across the country
Transport it all to Boston
and Cynthia holy heck give me that snow
Jinx, I totally feel you (except that I think SPKs are mediocre bc I’m chocolate-obsessed in terms of candy)
we’ve already got 8-9 inches and it’s continuing to snow :o

My parents got sour patch kids for other kids that they know and I keep looking longingly at the boxes
:3
Meanie
<a:catspit:427885681390518272> <a:catspit:427885681390518272> <a:catspit:427885681390518272> <a:catspit:427885681390518272> <a:catspit:427885681390518272>
Where's mine
<a:blobMAD:530455526845186055> <a:blobMAD:530455526845186055> <a:blobMAD:530455526845186055> <a:blobMAD:530455526845186055> <a:blobMAD:530455526845186055>
<a:danceblob:530455448118362133> <a:danceblob:530455448118362133> <a:danceblob:530455448118362133> <a:danceblob:530455448118362133> <a:danceblob:530455448118362133>
<a:blobnuts:530455512047681547> <a:blobnuts:530455512047681547> <a:blobnuts:530455512047681547> <a:blobnuts:530455512047681547> <a:blobnuts:530455512047681547>
MY EEYYYESS
You are
omg what is that pink green blob

THE SNOWSTORM IS BACK
look at it
<a:blobnuts:530455512047681547>
I disagree with my husband
That’s so invalid
That's so valid
Hey i know I haven't spoken in this server for like a year but now that you've mentioned Danny devito vore I couldn't help but interject and say
physically danny devito can be swallowed in one bite but psychically? imagine the toll
So Danny DeVito?
the perfect man is ideally small enough to eat if he gets on your nerves
Naa, forehead would be drawn down further for Arnold
Since he was once called the closest thing to a truly portioned human
I was thinking more Arnold Schwarzenegger
Oh damn that does look like Dolph.
why did it take so long for humanity to think of that
oh my god that is genius
whomst’ve??
sounds like my kind of product
dolph lundgren
what they were trying to aim for ?
I can’t tell
Saw this in CVS the other day

tyty
masterpiece
I did an art
Yeah, that’s fair
(Oh, also, keep in mind that you can try games for up to 2 hours and still refund it)
;P
So I don't
I enjoy them from time to time, but it's not worth spending money on me for it
Sorry
Party Games are a huge turnoff for me
Oh in that case no not at all
Kind of like a party game — board game / card game
OK but what is it
It’s multiplayer up to 4 people
What is it
Would any of y’all be interested in getting it too?
Robin and I are considering (but not sure yet) of getting __100% Orange Juice__ ($1.74 on Steam rn)
n o
You gonna be ok?
nice!
I got my c o u r s e r e q u e s t s

that's literally a state that cant pronounce its own name right
well arkansas voted my way
https://www.chicagotribune.com/news/ct-xpm-2007-04-06-0704040586-story.html
It would be Illinois' because that's what you do to possessives that end in s
idk though
I don’t think it matters whether the ‘s’ is pronounced or not; I think it just cares about whether or not there is an ‘s’
No it would be arkansapodes
it would be arkansas's rather than arkansas'
and maybe that's the same for arkansas
so you need the extra s to make it clear that there is an s sound
since the s isn't pronounced
no, I'm pretty sure it'd be illinois's
No, it’d still be Illinois’ but pronounced the way it should be
hey, since the s isn't pronounced in illinois, then that means the possesive is illinois's and it's pronounced the way illinois should be

Texas isn't my friend as long as you live in it,Pi
IT MEANS FRIEND
TEXAS ISNT MADE UP BS
youre a what?
and Idaho
and washington
except new mexico
why do we name states anything
all state names are made up bs
il linois
actually, how did any state get its name
Why did we name a state after that
wiki says: From a French adaptation of an Algonquian (perhaps Ojibwe) name derived from Miami irenwe·wa (“he speaks the regular way”).
yeah
america explaine
If we pronounced it like it's french, the i's would become long and it would sound like ee-leen-wa I think
I pronounce the S so I can feel superior when I ignore people who correct me
France, actually
What language/country named it that?
Why *do* we pronounce Illinois that way?
i agree with my husband
petition to call Illinois Illinwa like it's french
It's supposed to snow Monday but idk how much
Snow storm
Is the storm coming any time soon for you guys?
parade
why
what
There's like 50 people in that class
about 1/3 of my Leadership class was gone
There are currently a grand total of 7 people in my class
lollll
I'll vouch for you
go for it
yall think i can use that excuse?
well apparently a lot of kids are going to not be at school tomorrow because of the Patriots Parade so maybe the teachers will go easier on us
these precious snow days are not to be taken with a grain of salt
rip
Our school’s situated on a hill and it’s very dangerous for people who drive
well it's probably that people don't have the right tires for snow/ice
clearly students just gotta learn the techniques of walking on the ice
They surrendered
my school district can’t beat the ice
amateur numbers
pshh
Excuse me it’s 25 degrees right now
^
thats a warm winter day
whack
33 degrees is too cold?
It’s just too cold and the existing snow’s going to freeze over
I figured, y'all got a lot of snow given seattle
@Instantramen_ @NotJoe
Hey school is cancelled AGAIN tomorrow :)
):
fuck of
owo
100% dominant vs like 86% dominant or something haha bad
yeah
she wouldn't be able to resist leaving me
because you're too man for us
;))))
why ru scared
bridgitte
i wouldnt let you meet her
not you bridger
awwww
but if she ever got the chance to meet you guys irl she would love to
she says that she's only shy because it's online
i also agree with jinx
i agree with my husband as well
I agree with my husbands
my presence is toxic
yea, im basically an angel
We’re all nice people ):
yeah
well, how dare she
but she’s too shy
i have
we should
Wait so have y’all bullied danger into inviting his gf here or not
It hasn’t snowed like this in a real long time
This is truly surprising
I didn't know y'all got that much snow
Congrats
7 inches of snow
heh school’s cancelled I called it :)
just travel back into the country for the 2019 season smh
I just learned that football is a fall sport so I guess I'll never go to a game
once it gets warmer tho
yeah I'm planning to go to at least one school sports game before I graduate
You should go to one if you go to a school with a decent team
I've never watched a football game in my life
remember last year when he threw the super bowl by dropping a really easy catch
according to an interview a week ago he say: "when I suck, I’ll retire”
nope
i thought brady was retiring, no?
big mood
it’s a no from me
hmm but do I want to do my homework?
I always do my homework in advance, except when I don't
if you do your homework tonight then you can enjoy your snowday w/o any hw
Does anyone else have a dilemma to do their homework when school may or may not be cancelled
O h
not yet
is Tom Brady retiring yet? He’s 41
*steelers*
the fucking
pats are tied with the steelers of superbowl wins
Tom Brady won his 6th Super Bowl, more than anyone in NFL history
pats won!
get your defenses ready
yes it's the hunger games alex
And my second thought was that there was a very brief thunderstorm without any rain
My first thought was that someone had died and then the canon thing from the hunger games fired
Oh wait those were fireworks?
So this is fine
I'm not a fan of LA
But
Well normally I would be pissed at the Patriots winning just because I like the underdog
probably
Oh, I sleep through it i guess
i'm not pleased
and there are people firing off fireworks
I like that people are having fun and celebrating
when i'm trying to sleep
I don’t mind it
smh
i hate fireworks at night so much
everywhere
So many fireworks
I went to a Chinese barbershop, and even they had the game on
guessing it's b/c of this
oh boy i'm hearing fireworks now
you know both the team logos look really similar
So many people were in Pats gear today
oh yea yeety
I think
and by a lot
apparently
I just heard so many fireworks; did the Patriots win??
I applaud you
oh wow
I was peeved
I went the whole winter so far until wednesday without slipping once
yes
Have you slid on black ice
ice however isn't
Snow is beautiful
there were some single digit days
Negative double but still
Ahem Joe it was double digits with wind chill
That’s student abuse
but no snow days
winter's been such a scam this year in that it's gone to single digits all day a bunch of times
^
It’s only truly winter wonderland if school’s canceled
I'm also hyped for the weather though, it's finally gonna be 50 degrees this week
and by wonderland i mean the ninth layer of hell
Then it's a winter wonder where everything is land
its not a winter wonderland unless you literally cannot see in front of you bc of the snow
pshh
Hello people it is winter wonderland here

There
<:squidwave:496224418184429578> 🔫
i find the lack of a cowboy emoji in that post distrustworthy
I promise I will be my usual self
🤠
🤠
if u do
i promise i'll be normal
i love her she’s great
Invite her to Squid Squad omg
Speaking of your girlfriend
she sent it to me
nice
yes
doesn't your girlfriend's name end in the "uhh" a-sound Danger
Ouch.
oof
Whatchu guys think yah or nah?

good luck to pats today
We didn't get that much snow, it was just deathly cold
At least I’m p sure
We need 6+ inches actually
it's just everyday stuff in new england I guess
How
not at all
Wait you guys didn’t have school canceled at all?
yes
Joe have you?
yeah
Have you guys seen the super funny video of the frozen pants
psh you dang west coaster
we need like around like 8 inch+, maybe a foot to cancel school
I’ll be happy if we get half an inch
0-4 inches is like a tiny snow shower at most
o h
excuse me
I can't believe school is being cancelled over 0-4 inches
LOL
school being cancelled b/c of ice is some nonsense over here
I’m desperate
psh
:  )
So school will be canceled
why do you want ice
I have no idea
how much snow?
I need ice
the worst part of it snowing is the ice
@Instantramen_ you can’t escape the snow
It’s gonna snow tonight and tomorrow WOO
hi
Hello friends
Let’s bake this 🍰
Let’s get this bread.
Except now I realize the A in SLACers is Assistants/Assisting
Makes me think too much of SLACers
I didn't think it'd be Advisory idk why
tsk tsk
I thought it was going to be Associates or smth
oh I got 3/4 nice
yeah yeety
ok I looked it up it's black leadership advisory council
it's dedicated for black people i'm pretty sure
nah
Black Latinos and Asian Counsel?
Associates probably
Ah okay
but it's like Black (Leadership?) (A???) Council
and the difficulties in it
it is essentially black students talking about their experiences as a black student
I forget what the letters stand for
It's a day of panels hosted by the BLAC Club
The panels were great
What is Black day
today was BLAC Day, so I'm feeling v happy
awh, that's fair
life
awh, why?
im aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
I'm p gucci
Tired
How is everyone today?
Good morning
||OwO||
https://youtu.be/juZyuh6ANT0
My moustache hair was freezing to my scarf
🤔
I can relate
Psh it’s only cold enough that the condensation from my breath freezes onto myself
why is it so cold bleh

and school is still not cancelled folks
wind chill is at -29
good morning
Oh dang
https://www.theverge.com/2019/1/30/18203517/polar-vortex-weather-midwest-cold-antarctica-siberia-alaska
@Instantramen_ even crazier

Hahahahaha
I'm just counting the days until I move to vancouver
Oh my
stay away
yeah no the midwest is dying
WHAT THE FUCK

CHECK THIS OUT
ROBIN
YO
yeah I'm gonna put some pjs under my jeans
Wear warm clothes !!!!!!!!
and I have to walk most of the way to school ((((:
very cold
cold
I can’t even imagine what -12 feels like
oh yeah a whole 30 degrees
The polar vortex is coming for us
heck you
I’m slightly hyped

Love that
it'll be a whole 7 by the time I have to go to school
“Feels like -12”
yep
Or 6
7 degrees
Oh holy moly
it was snowing earlier
Hey is it snowing for you guys
Woah that’s wild
nice

PB + C sounds okay
That banana does not look ripe
That doesn't sound so bad but no
It makes sense
Do any of y'all also eat peanut butter and carrots?
Spreaking of food combos, I've been asking people about this lately
^^^^^^^
Video or it didn’t happen
pics or it didn’t happen
We want proof
god thats disgusting
is that ranch
Bone app the teeth 😍
Celtics*
go celtrics yay
Nice
Yep
BKN is Brooklyn ?
zucc
I’ve never had it but cooked zucchini is just too good to give up
Woooo go celtics

also raw zucchini eww
This is definitely a thing he’d do
I don’t think he is
absolutely
that people eat
like do you think thats a good example of a real dickshaped food
do you eat raw zucchini
do
fun fact: if you're not deep throating raw zucchini you're doing it wrong 
- Albert Einstein
also when you can eat something like a dick you take the opportunity
he better be
danger is pranking us
god that is so sad alexa play despacito
and its to know how to eat
we evolved separately for a reason
we are primates
danger we are monkeys
theyre monkeys why would we follow what monkeys do
^^^^^^^
even monkeys peel their bananas and eat it lengthwise and theyre supreme banana authority
Are we saying that danger eats the banana peel
I don't believe this at all
because why would you eat it like its a dick
I'm curious as to how you even got the idea in your head to eat a banana like that
did your tastebuds fucking break
but its the tastiests way
mercy on your soul
not the peel not the direction and definitely not ranch
none of those things are okay
whats wrong
what the heck
??
He eats it *from the side*
It's so so so wrong
DO YOU NEED A DOCTOR
WHAT THE HECK
ARE YOU OKAY
AND WITH RANCH
and from the side
WHAT THE FUCK DUDE
he eats bananas with the peel on
what now
back me up here
is completely wrong
Danger
Guys
You
thank uuu
i love it
<a:overload:539534737971085322>
Guys I made an emote
I didn't say that it was a problem
i wouldnt know ive never had a teacher like that in elementary
hmm
I don't really see the problem?
I mean that happens
Or you just pick up some words from them
But if it was a v influential one
mmm
who u grow up with
so youd be more influenced by the ppl around u
she wasnt your only teacher
your dialect could be v wonky
What if you have like an elementary teacher from the South or smth
Now I’m thinking like
My family eats a lot of seafood, so I do get to use the word
heathens
they're dads
I've only ever seen it online
that’s fair
^^
the problem with that one for me is that nobody around me ever talks about them so I dont have a specific word
I use crawfish as well
crawDAD
crawfish one
The only one I remember from the test is like
like idk but according to this thing
Like what?
It’s weird
Honestly lol I use a lot of language only used in Florida

Red Sox own all of New England, which is p interesting
ok
@Cemetables mark posted it
This was kind of cool to see
https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2014/04/23/upshot/24-upshot-baseball.html
Also, I know people don’t follow sports here but
you belong with meeeee
Hoyce McGoyce,
wait where is this
guess so
i guess i belong in california

Oh hey me and Peachy's maps are very similar and also both completely wrong in terms of where we live
Wow Angela was the real californian this whole time
uh huh
It's a heat map
It was looking at blue
I hate that
It’s red for most similar
OH
guess so
Guess Angela is a Cali girl
ummm

excuse me
Whomst’ve calls a firefly that ???
“peenie wallie”
tsk tsk what a copycat danger
ewww i talk like joe
I also randomly have pembroke pines for some reason though
pretty close for mine

Pembroke Pines which is less than like 2 hours from where I live
Yay mine got me rightish sorta

yes linguistics dennis reynolds
https://youtu.be/NvDvESEXcgE
Apparently you can mimick a northern New Zealand accent
Pretty neat actually
Wired did a YouTube series on accents in movies
cockney is much more entertaining to listen to and also much easier to do horrible imitations of tho
Both meanings
The accents in *The Crown* are so rich
not the shoes but words
I am very passionate about my shoes
Maybe I'll just go live in upper class England
thank you
One must admit
honestly even as someone who says tennis shoes on occasion, sneakers is honestly the superior phrase
nvm I guess I'll live in MA my whole life so I dont end up fighting everyone who talks to me about shoes
Give me my fucking shoes?
Shoes
Running shoes
Okay that's lawful evil right there
thats somehow worse
Runners
No
do y'alls say tennis shoes
Hawaii and Washington
oh right ur from victoria
no I expect 100% accuracy
really?
I mean the test is only 25 quesions
Ive only been to two US states
My parents are from Illinois and Montana I do not know where my dialect has come from
anyway I have never lived in Sacramento California or anywhere near that side of the country
Ouch
aka florida
Long story bad joke
Ah ok
Electoral college
?
~~Politics people keep messing Florida and California~~
except that I'm not a lame new yorker or wanna be new yorker
this is my closest yet
Either way it showed me as being from uhhhh California
IDK if that worked maybe not
https://nyti.ms/2HArMCp
I just looked it up and I'm the second person on the internet to say the word linguoanarchist
supper sucks
I have strong opinions on words despite being a linguoanarchist
I dont believe in it
oh yeah the word supper also doesnt exist
so I use all of them
ok the thing about the cat thing is that I always thought they were different animals
Hmm I shall
well yeah where do u think we ben getting these maps
Everyone should take it
https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2014/upshot/dialect-quiz-map.html
twisted
ok but have you considered they're not tennis shoe stop it thats illegal
😜
they're sneakers yes but also tennis shoes
Brb
There's something I wanted to share
they're called sneakers u heathens
okay what are you supposed to call them
OH
no
then they might still be tennis shoes
Running shoes?
what happens when you dont play tennis
ah
very evil
evil
I have been known to call them both tennis shoes and sneakers, chaotic neutral
UGH
this map is evil and I hate america
ALSO
mood
i read that as "based on the quality and content of what I'm typing I'm afraid they'll put me down"
I have to write an essay and basd on the quality an content of what I'm typing I'm afraid of what I'll end up putting down
bedroom community
people live in ct and nj in their houses bc property is cheaper but they work in nyc bc thats where jobs are
So you're saying all I need to get laid is New Jersey?
nothing gets people hot and heavy like new jersey
its where new yorkers go to get it on 😉
Bedroom community?
i mean rural nj
New Jersey is basically wannabe in the united states
from where?
bc nj is basically a bedroom community for nyc
Have I ever told you all about the time we accidentally drove to New Jersey
New Jersey is just wannabe new york
Oh oh relevant story
If your family is from Louisiana, youll probably sound like you dont know what pauses are and also your entire lower jaw is broken
new jersey is basically the south but rude
also the furthest south I have memory of going is like, New Jersey lmao
Its more dependant on heritage than area in my experience
the sun is the most difficult place to get to in the solar system
i ran into very few thick southern accents when travelling through the south, is that just a rural thing or what
no
Some parts in the south are hardly even the same language
You guys ever think colonizing the sun will be possible
Yeehaw
and like The South tm
the only cities I know with a well known accent are boston and newyork lmao
mars colony
let's all go live there
literally just colonize the fuckin pacific garbage patch
Everyone/everywhere has an accent
So not for me <:papersquid:496218778938507274>
detroit has an accent?
we come full circle
alaska cold
Isnt detroit just managed by whoever has the thickest accent
Living in a vehicle sounds a little fun but there's so many things you can't do with that
you know you can just go to alaska and live somewhere, as long as nobody finds you they cant stop you
Have some camping gear
is there even a government in detroit
lets move to norway
I lowkey want to just live in a car
I'll just dig a hole to live in
go live in detroit
<:papersquid:496218778938507274>
just do squatting tbh
no but also yes
I believe it
You dont even need to use someone elses house. There are so many fucking unused houses in America
Really?
the hotel industry was actually created exclusively to service war criminals send tweet
Why have a studio apartment for less money when you could break in and use someone else's house for no money
Yeah
thats all hotels
so yeah that's cool
jesus christ the place with the beach where i met jinx on the second day
i'm pretty sure i heard that the hotel there was built by some oil oligarch for meetings with his other evil friends
Depending on where you live anyway
our town was so disgustingly overinflated and bougie
Why buy a house when you can just have a studio apartment with less money
yeah but the people actually living there are like renting duplexes
even tho theyre ugly as hell theyre half a mil
okay sure many suburbs are just fuckin cash cash money
fucking $500k houses still
as in above average and everyone living in a house here is stuck paying off their mortgage, but heeeyyy bougie
My neighborhood is middle classish and everyone here is so much richer than us lul
robin i grew up in Poor Side its still bs
and it's comparatively poor
whoa
it's not
unpleasant
cities are good because owning a car is stupid
oof
poor suburb sounds
oh my neighborhood is lowkey bougie
see me
if you live in the poorer bits of our suburb it's far from that
this is unhealthy
depends where you are
it definitely is
i csnt tell if thats a fetish or not
its called MCMANSION HELL
uh oh
I want skrim to be my suburban soccer mom
skrim would argue with the ref
it's called B E I N G  F L E X I B L E  @fizzy lifting drinks
skrim is a suburban soccer mom
Duh
Well
my mom was literally a suburban soccer mom at one point
i hate when western standards of aesthetics are applied to my shitty ass city
suburbs cant decide what they want to be and everyone has airpods
I walk to my friends house an hour away sometimes
public transit is 20 minute walk from my house lol fuck that
and walking
Skrim is a future soccer mom
i actually like suburb
beauty is a myth
cities seem too busy for me
its called public transit
also I can get to lots of places in the suburb
so is everything
mm
me too skrim
so are people
yeah
pi is correct
cities are so ugly
yes
yeah cities are cool and all but have you heard of living in a suburb and not being within walking distance of fucking anything
okay that's a little better
Cities > rural > suburbs
i thrive in cities i love the pure anonymity and the risk of assault and death
I want to live in the middle of nowhere
JESUS
fuck you anprims
WHAT, DO YOU LIKE FUCKING SUBURBS
cities fuckin good, i can walk everywhere
CITIES ARE GREAT WTF
I dont like cities
i don't see how that's possible
im not around people at all *finger guns*
boring suburbanite
i'm not around peeps with boston accents much
is it?
👏
its like a boston accent thing robin
I never knew skrim was woke
skrim
thank u to whoever clap reacted
I heard about people hearing it but I've never heard it in person
my friend calls seltzer "bubbly water" which is appreciable
Fizz sounds worse
I've never heard bubbler before
in the south, we call water fountains "formerly separated"
I promise it isn't
i promise it is
what if we compromised and called it fizz
the midwest is terrifying it's full of psychopaths
where have **you** been
its not
where have **you** been
its a very very massachusetts thing
no they dont
the midwest is a dark place
massachusetts says bubbler where have u been robin
okay wisconsin is just horrible tho
it sounds dumb but it's less syllables
stop this
wtf
I was in wisconsin and I asked for a water fountain and they gave me a confused look and pointed me towards the "bubbler"
Soda pop is better than both
europeans dumb
And pop is better than soda
Maybe europeans
but outside of michigan I've never heard it
several people are typing...
it sounds fucking stupid
Canadians
Pop is like
Wtf
i have never heard a human being call it pop
old people call it pop
I will never call sneakers tennis shoes
okay midwesterners are just scary
When I used to live in michigan, everyone called it pop
I have never called soda pop
Or is that propaganda
im schrodinger's gay, sometimes in a closet and sometimes not
also apparently there's such a thing as a minnesotan accent but i have never enountered it
the midwest scares and confuses me with their strange words
Dont all northeners call soda pop
ok well this person did so hush
what the fuck is "pop"
i have never called soda "pop"
that's a minnesota thing?
it should be minnepop
incorrect
dam u right
y'all call it pop, not soda which is how I remember
oh?
no you're out of it now
I knew someone who lived there
me too skrim
ah fuck
oh
inside the closet
i already said minnesota you bitch
lunar where u live
not really
lunar do you wanna trade
the nice thing about the past few days here is that it makes 10 degrees seem warm
everything else is ok
skrim would be valid if she went down 15ish degrees
sub-25 is too cold and over 85 is too hot
a storm with hairspray who listens to duran duran and the thompson twins
best weather
70 degrees light wind cloudy
split second i thought u meant 80s thunderstorm like a 1980s thunderstorm
I'm moving to vancouver next year to soak up all the rain
walking in rain > walking in sun
50s-70s is all very good
agree
tbh
rain is just good
or 80s thunderstorm
my ideal is 60-70s, light rain
everything s warm by comparison
I cannot wait for Seventy Degrees All Year Still thank u florids go sink
maybe, and here's a thought: launch ourselves into the cold of space
minnesota
lunar where u at
and like 50-60 cloudy with light rain? fucking sign me up
i cannot wait for -26 next week
get me out of here
what about you know, moderate weather
cold is literal hell
cold dry is literal heaven
fair
oh
I meant cold water on hot day
cold wet is horrible
hot dry is bad send tweet
I love hot rainy days
cold wet is very very bad
not if it's cold wet
hot and wet is so much worse than hot and somewhat dry though
silence, heathen
wont it just be worse because of humidity
climate change will cause humans to develop gills
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xiTM2HQ0g98
maybe it'll coool the fuck down if everything is wet
water isn't a problem anymore
become crabman
get bitten by a radioactive crab
man florida fuckin sucks please sink it fossil fuel companies
this is smart ben shapiro told me
no wait it out and sell your underwater house
thats the plan
mission solved
protip dont live in florda
just sell your house and move
yeet
more like the entire florida is underwater
:(
im in midlife now bc i sure am not living till 40
fun fact you can have your midlife crisis whenever you want it just means you have to die sooner
lust
🍪 okay but what emotion does this represent
"mid life" get ahead of the curve!
also its pretty fab I'll take it
and start to bald from the stress
is when you enter your mid life crisis
i hate that one
I had to bring that 3cm from my  face to see it
baldy squid is when u bald
that one is horrific
robin the emotion
i am perpetually angry
this one is
<:baldysquid:496224582743883777>
but what does baldy squid mean
well that one is angry so yeah
yay i made that one
pi is correct
Change my mind
<:witchpachi:496202398314921984> <:squinkyface:496200395715248128> <:squidwave:496224418184429578> <:richthonk:423678784911310868> <:papersquid:496218778938507274> <:greensquid:496212534596993024> <:gamerpachi:496207824771088387> <:baldysquid:496224582743883777> <:babysquidbubbles:496224070103203840> <:angrypaper:513515487951585301> <:angrypaper:513515487951585301> these?
<:angrypaper:513515487951585301> is the only good one
I dont understand what any of these servers emotes means in terms of relaying emotion
you're welcome
UNBLOCK ME HOE
cisnt is the funnyest goddamn thing i have heard thank u based echks
🙏
stfu blocked bitchass
wamen
respecc
double negatives are so stupiidd
ohh
cisn't = not not trans
cis = not trans
echks you have to talk in caveman soeak it's 1am and i cant read between the lines
nice
g u  r l
or uh
b O I
CISNT
ok thats true
it means ya girl cisn't
also your intro says "I dont care what you call me" so I'm technically not wrong
and I dont know anyone's pronouns, I just kinda guess most of the time
^
wait what's the latter mean
you have a winry profile pic
well you see
cant tell if robin calling me she because he's a fool or if i accidentally said something in here
@LunarZeta i thought i was too but i took an old screenshot and compared it to a new one, it's definitely a little bigger
she said she looks hot
stfu echks you look great
aka me
it looks like hot shit
so 19th century
im not going insane
and damn she's right i knew something was off
psh who uses phones
it's on mobile
looks the same to me
made the text bigger
new discord update is shit btw
🖕
oof
heckin skyrim
smh my head
im leaving again after they respond x d
i had to message someone
ew
whats this
owo
hey wait a minute

But also I just select the paragraph a lot
It kinda keeps my place
Well I do it kinda like that too
its not to follow my place though
like I go onto the next paragraph in an article and I frantically select the entire paragraph like 3 or 4 times
I just frantically select text all the time
No, not unless I'm pulling information from a formula sheet
rip
mostly because screw Encylopeida Britannica for giving me a big pop-up everytime I select text, trying to give me a definition
this is an important question
https://www.strawpoll.me/17308775
So yeah
I see it as having a connotation of describing some subject who has the *ability* and *capacity* to carry out harmful actions, but does not.
huh
like "benevolent leader" as Alex said
or them describing themselves
huh I feel like I only see it for like, evil dictatorships being described under duress
I think most of the time I see it used though it's for kind, old people
cackle cackle
"I am your benevolent leader"
like
it could be used sinisterly
since when is benevolent an evil word
like used to describe something in a positive way
hey questions do you guys ever see benevolent as a not evil word
bold of mio sugita to call gay couples unproductive in childbirth considering not even straight people in her country can do that it seems
<:richthonk:423678784911310868>
ONLY THE STRONG AND PRODUCTIVE SHALL LIVE
EUTHANIZE THE WEAK

love to do this a few days after the trans military ban gets okayed by the supreme court
love to have a massive birthrate crisis and then enforce mandatory sterilizations for a subset of the population. awesome work guys you're doing great
oh yea fuck japan
: 3
hecking 18 y/os
~~that’s so smol omg~~
oooh
15
How old are you now? o:
Happy birthday !!!!!!!!!!!!
in other news: it’s my birthday
what
https://www.cnn.com/2019/01/25/asia/japan-supreme-court-trans-intl/index.html
More news:
It’s apparently the longest shutdown we’ve had
https://www.npr.org/2019/01/25/688414503/watch-live-trump-addresses-shutdown-from-white-house-rose-garden
yea yeety
thank you for caving mr trump now we can eat again
indeed
https://www.nytimes.com/2019/01/09/health/shutdown-fda-food-inspections.html
I just realized. . . .
I see
Huh
Yes they are @pi 
You're a teenager until you turn 20.
gotta watch the video i guess uwu
Barring like idk fuckin mass murder
Are life sentences even a thing for teenagers
but alas, no
out of everyone in this chat i would say i *am* the most likely to send that particular video
And was like “why heck did you send this?”
I thought you just watched the second vid
Ohhh
the first one gives me hope for the future and the recommended one destroys it
the recommended one ofc
I can't tell if you're talking about the video you watched or the recommended one
What
what the fuck destroy america
😤
I have discovered Jesus https://youtu.be/2dYDSlwUZLI
sweethearts are a good concept but in practice they are Chalk
^^^
They should make cute, better-tasting candy
I agree with both of these statements
But they’re so CUTE
Noooooooo
they taste like dirt
good
):
https://www.cnbc.com/2019/01/23/americas-favorite-valentines-day-candy-is-unavailable-this-year.html
nice joe
thanks
congrats
nice
northeastern
which one?
woo I finally got into one college at least
of course hitler is still the worst
Arguably the people who aren't obviously bad/aren't being resisted boldly are worse
But Hitler still tops them
democrats bad but really when you think about it hitler was probably worse all things considered
bold and correct answer considering that most party democrats hate both of those things
No
maga chud voice DOES THAT MEAN THAT THE DEMS ARE BASICALLY NAZIS
1.) Hitler did in fact do health care
2.) Hitler also supported the idea of a tax that leveled everyone's pay grade to roughly the same amount
also hey castro did say oops sorry didn't mean to about the horrible repression of gay people under his regime so he's fine
hitler did healthcare probably
This guy thinks the Cuban governments out here giving people hugs
Yikes on Castro being so low
why is donald so much more right-wing than literal hitler
And Gary Johnson is certainly slightly more libertarian than that
I'm confused as to how Hilary is *less* authoritarian than Obama in 2012
Apparently
Trump is more authoritarian than Joseph Stalin
but i love the fact that they put obama on there twice
or bernie that high
i wouldnt.. put castro that low
This very questionable political compass chart is in our school newspaper

So you can see
Why slits
Scarf with slits in it
goggles
yeah but eyes
Over the years, I have learned that there is nothing that a hat and scarf can't solve
Sometimes you need forty, maybe fifty scarves to cover your torso and arms, but there is nothing a hat and scarf can't solve.
I was walking for 15 mins and my face hurt so much I could barely open my eyes
but the wind was literally death
when  the wind wasn't out it wasnt that bad
tsk tsk
and not even a snowday to accompany it
windchill-wise
oof
it was in the -20s earlier
mfw the temperature outside is low enough for easyish frostbite

BUILD A BLANKET CAVE!!
I mean it’s back up now but I was having trouble with it earlier
okay
uhh I'm not sure.  I haven't been on in ages o:
yo is Hypixel forums down for anyone else
rip
My house doesn’t have heat, so I’m ready to die
14 degrees here rn
best of luck
Oh boy today is gonna be a high of 8 degrees
xD
are done
And now we
Welcome back
Cool
Nice
am done
And now I
Don’t know why I thought of that, but yeah
Nice
Its actually more complete here for us, and yeah it was earlier for us
Saw it earlier yeah
No idea how much it reaches or if you guys can see it too? But it’s nice
I'd imagine.
There’s a pretty cool moon here right now
Yeaah
But the latter is annoying
Although idk where the drunk level is yet
Nice
Or drunk
The former is great because it means I don't really get tipsy
That sounds like it kinda sucks
Huh
My metabolism reacts not at all while i'm consuming something, but as soon as I stop, it acts like a trapdoor and deals with it really quickly 

This compounds itself when I'm nervous or upset or harried so much so that I consume significantly more in a day and tend to lose weight over the period of time that it's in effect
I’m ready
Oh boy
Ok
Crash course
OK let me explain my metabolism to you Ryan
^
~~sounds like a scumslip to me~~
Is that a thing
Wait you are so much you got hungry?
I misread
Not not much
Eaten much
1oh
Why not, Not-Machine?
Too bad he isnt
I'm hungry, my nerves are shot I've eaten so much today
How is it a pun, is what i would say, if machine were here and called it a pun
Probably
Is it?
Funny
It's a pun
Wait I see
Ah
No they didn't
I wonder where machine went
did someone say something
I wonder if it's acceptable to lose my temper yet over someone who clearly decides to ignore me
You wont make a fool outta me
Lies and deception
All at once for short periods
Dont think so. I think youre off your rocker and shitfaced.
You're forgetting to factor in the metabolism again
I can tell
Its passed
Drink?
I just lost count after the fourth
Yes you are
12 :(
I'm not drunk
Because I re re re re re re re re re re re restarted it tonight
Drat
No its more youre drunk
Its more than 11 rip
OK I think I counted and now i'm spooked because I think its 11
So I'll be equally impressed if its eleven times
I also didnt xount how many res it was
I decided I wanted to finish FMAB first
I’m too tired to count how many times you said re but if it’s 11 then nice
Oh I never finished FMA
Oh ffs
Oh did you like FMA
And three of them were just the first episode
Now one of those times was FMA
PLEASE JUST FINISH IT SO I CAN TALK TO YOU ABOUT THE ENDING
I'm still a fan of the original series
IM GOING TO CRY
Yep
ELEVEN TIMES
ARE YOU SERIOUS
what
Eleven
dear lord
Im going to kill you one day
Youve restarted it like 6 times now oh my god
I got within three episodes this time
I should watch anime at some point
I have yet to finish it
Nice
It's a show
Full Metal Alchemist: Brotherhood
Because I rerererererererererererestarted it tonight
I have no idea what those letters mean together
Okay, we're assuming beverages here
MACHINE MADE AN FMAB REFERENCE
HAH
And if it's been cooked
^^^^^
And what alcohol it is
depends on what small means
Depends
It tastes v bad don't do it
Does alcohol in small amounts have effects?
I actually don’t know enough about alcohol to argue this
Lemme think
Mmmm
It's not so much pretentious as...
Alcoholic drinks* are bad
Bad
Sounds pretentious
actually cooking wine is good I'll allow that
You're wrong because you've never had amaretto
^^^^
agre
Alcohol as a whole is bad
You can say you dont like this beer
You can't say you dont like beer
Beer is bad
It's like saying beer is bad
You know what this means, don't you Pi
Yeah that’s an interesting opinion
There are so many different types of cereal
How can cereal be bad
I'm sorry what
For other people is when I actually try
"Cereal is bad"
Whenever I make food for myself I generally just go with what’s fastest
*Japanese lyrics*
LET IT AAAAAALLL OUUUUUUT
Cereal is bad
Just like Charlie Brown
I think she can make cold cereal and maybe toast
Yes I can :(
Yes, I do, he and I sort of compete
Except he doesn't branch out much
Lets be honest you probably cant skrim
I can make uhh frozen chicken nuggets
Spicy
Wow i didnt know you showed off to him Machine
^
Cuisine is just a fancy word for tasting good
Especially since whenever I get into the kitchen to cook for John I try and show off
And unfortunately, I don't really fall into the first category
Yeah that’s kinda what I thought
People who cook cuisine are foodies
Exactly
I thought people who could cook their own food were just called normal
Is that a thing what
that is preposterous
yes
Are people who can cook their own food called foodies now
hi pi
Hi pi
Prologues
Oh yeah what are you doing for the Macbeth one?
;-;
Gl with the project
English
What project?
I'll stick around
rip
Rip gl
We were having such a nice conversation
I have a project to finish
Maaaaark
Nooooo
also goodbye
also hi
Yeah Waterloo is a big consideration since I’m considering CS
Hi Ryan
I would much rather just make the food and share it by inviting you over to hang out
Those people annoy me
"I CAN MAKE MY OWN FOOD SUCKER"
Most of them advertise it
True
Oh yes, I just don't advertise it often.
I didn't know you were a Foodie
yeah I mean a 10 minute walk isn't too bad
I really shouldn't complain too much, the kitchen is great
That makes a certain degree of sense
Its convenient
But
I still pay rent
ah
Because my parents bought a townhouse in Blacksburg that's a ten minute walk from campus
But I also wouldn't have been able to stand not having a kitchen
Why did you
I do regret moving off campus, tbh
lololol
Smh Canadians multitasking their terminology
yeah kinda praying to stay on campus as long as I can  wherever I go

It's a Delta
Both
Lower as in southern
Or lower as in swampland
Your wallet might be a bit thin
So uh
Course, you need to live in the lower mainland
Couple of my teachers went there
Simon Fraser is good
@Ryast aren't you considering Waterloo
already got into Simon Fraser
I'm hoping to get into UBC
We named a town after Waterloo
Waterloo I have heard of
(Yes, it's called Waterloo)
Along with Waterloo
Good for mathematics
I hear about it a lot
Seriously.
Another good university
seriously??
Zero trust
I have never heard of McGill until now
It's almost as if the coordinate
Huh
And Mcgill charges 45k a year for international students
Yes
I'm hoping you're saying University of Toronto
yeah I mean they're an edge case because they're like one of the best
Ontario is heavy with math geeks
For some reason
UofT is generally the top engineering school in Canada
Oh shit you should come here, Mark
It is
Relative to the country
UofT is not
including room and board
That's comparable to UofT
Virginia Tech apparently charges $47,216 a year for int.
Lol
Jesus I need to study there
Yes
WHAT?
Not entirely sure, tbh
It's generally less than out of state though, for some reason
What do they generally take in for int.?
Int is so kind compared to OOS
Nah
Oh thought you said int.
total
not a year
huh I could've sworn
only 56k a year is less than half of what i expect to pay
International vs out of state is different though
https://www.google.com/search?q=uoft+tuition&rlz=1C1CHBF_enCA830CA830&oq=uoft+&aqs=chrome.3.69i57j69i61j35i39j0l3.4669j0j7&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8
UofT takes it 45k per international student
Depends
Only?
Oh, you have no idea, out of state is generally two to three times in state
Good thing we have predatory governments to help us out
I'm just now learning that I have no idea how much college costs
thats only 56k total plus fees
Maybe a tad less than that, I'd have to look again
Good lord
which is $70k
7k a semester sounds like a dream
except for UofT
Yeah. In state tuition is about 8.5k a semester for us.
That's wild
well for non-canadians the tuition is about normal for a cheaper US school
7k a semester ?????
That's hardly a fair comparison
Machine aren't you at Virginia Tech
exactly
7k a semester is still less than what I pay a semester
You guys are free to come here
That's
I mean
i thought u were gonna say semester
good lord
YEAR
Salaries go up and down with the currency
year
7k per what
That's... not how currency works
also a small point about earlier but canadian schools average $7k CAD, which is $5k USD which is still like half
true true
Technically a college in the states is defined as a specific schooling program within a university, so there's not a difference in terminology for the states either
university just means it has postundergrad studies, nothing about size
My parents suggested I go to Milan
Yes well
Or 20,000 students
So a "university" can have 800 students
In terms of the terminology
Ah
There isn't a difference between small and large universities
They tax the schnoz out of you?
In many EU countries
milans in italy
The thing is
Average for each country, idk about specific schools
milan isn't a country
Milano Polytechnico
A factor of four
By like
Even Milan?
Not Europe. I've already researched every major country in Europe, they're all cheaper
I do encourage people to study in Canada
It's annoying that we don't all use the same currency
Maybe Europe
Iran?
Trying to think
mmm
I'd be surprised if there was anywhere outside the US that had more expensive public universities
Also our cost of living is absurd
hah not here
private schools are also usually much better
*Note that almost all of our major university are public*
Yours are more
So yeah
7k
Ours average at 7l
9k
typo
9000k is 9 million
Public state colleges average at 9000k a year
ok just checked
average
it depends where you are, but at private colleges it's $34k
depends on the school
At a major univiersity?
How much does your typical first year tuition cost?
uhh
also canadian tuition is so cheap compared to the us it's actually insane
No idea what the annual figure is
If we stopped paying, the government would have to cut spending
i'm curious how much
Currently, a portion of revenue comes from us paying our loans back
that's basically the equivalent of paying for them all because the government spends debt
Because that's lost cash
No
Uhh
But in Canada most undergrad study loans are handled by the government
delete the loans
so wait couldn't we just like
Not sure how the US works
Government loans, largely
is that debt all owed to banks
because that's a lot easier to tackle
most reduced cost / free college plans are largely focused on future tuition
We would have to pay it off before paying for new students, presumably
at higher rates than like most types of loajns
that is, however, past debt that has accumulated with interest for decades
Imagine paying it off
http://collegedebt.com/
That would literally cost trillions of dollars
But uh
Well that's a whole different argument
I feel like that could be used to argue that just free community college doesn't work, and that we need to go all the way and make all college free
I'm sure if you google "Why free college is bad" you'll find it
I read it a while ago, so it'll take some time
could you find that for me? I'd be interested in reading it
Anyway that's my capitalist rant
Plus there's the fact that it would sap a fair amount of public money
Apparently Crippling debt > Low salary
Rather than making the investment of university
Because it encourages people to go  into lower paying jobs that only require a comm. college diploma
It turns out that on average, it actually reduces people's quality of life
A study was done to figure out the effects of making community colleges free
But this is also slightly related and interesting
A little unrelated
Thank you for listening and I'll stop there before I get too into it
Anyway that's my tirade on the world and every possible connotation it can take
As soon as it decides to label something, it either provokes it into getting worse, or kills it because people either protest or assume it'll be taken care of by other people and that they themselves dont have to act
Arguably, business and government should be two separate entities, with unions acting as a third, separate bubble from government as a counter to capitalistic businesses from dominating their employees

While we are on the subject, I'll rant about how the news effects movements
I'm definitely playing the devil's advocate here, but this is a major issue that needs to be examined

Yes, but the thing about capitalism is that it crumbles into itself if the government doesn't interfere either
Because if the gvmnt lets people speak out for themselves rather than being someone to run to, then you run into strikes and unions, which fix their own issues - provided they dont get caught up in government, like the ones in NYC, or any other major city
that's all of capitalism
But how many bright people do you arguably kill by squelching them and keeping them from their potential through financial or other means
because at the end of the day, you can leave an amazon factory, you can't leave a concentration camp
it's a very important step or two away
Because that's a step or two away from mass murder. Its mass torture
I'm saying he didn't cause the deaths of millions of people
I'm not saying Bezos isn't a horrible person
Is it OK to have things set up so that your employees are so scared of taking breaks that they bring water bottles to pee in?
Hitler is the guy who pushed you off it
Bezos is the guy who films you walking off a cliff
OK ask me this though
Mmmm
Well
Yet
True
bezos and hitler aren't even in the same realm of awful
Also dead
Possibly Stalin
But he's dead
And Hitler
Jeff Bezos is a pretty sad being
Significantly more not OK
And Hitler
No, Jeff Bezos is seriously not OK
Aren't we all
Elon Musk is not an awful human being
He's just flawed
But he's saving humanity
yeah but Elon Musk is also an awful human being so buy your flamethrowers somewhere else
https://www.ebay.com/itm/The-Boring-Company-Not-a-Flamethrower/123603138321?hash=item1cc7523711:g:ICUAAOSwUWtcQ5ca:rk:5:pf:0
https://www.ebay.com/itm/The-Boring-Company-Not-a-Flamethrower-Brand-New-Collector-Quality/143096175217?hash=item2151325a71:g:gPkAAOSwPWtcQwxP:rk:3:pf:0
Oh, certainly
I'm sure ebay has one
They sold out
Buy one from Elon Musk and you're set
Take a flamethrower to it
I was making sparks on the driveway trying to break it
When I was six or seven we once got two inches of freezing rain where I lived
Its absolutely gorgeous but an absolute mess and I hate it
Oh yeah
I didn’t know that freezing rain was an actual term ?

Enjoy
ah yes
Boston
Where are you now?
Huh
and I was born in Sidney
oh cool I went there like a few years ago
Victoria
where ya at
Hey that's close to me
gonna be in Vancouver
I'm going to next year
Move to the west coast
but the real pain is having to walk around ice and snow for the rest of the winter
idk like 5 bucks
How much
please do
Pay me
I can do that for you
like 4-6 inches
I'm gonna have to shovel in the morning
snow is the worst
Spread the snow
it's been snowing for a few hours
idk probably
IS IT SNOWING
BOSTON PEEPS
a historic moment
https://freesound.org/people/thecheeseman/sounds/44429/
But it's pretty funny
Ahahaha
I know some people who did and it was pretty obvious
I wouldn't recommend using it for your homework
ikr
Wow this is actually a really neat website 👍
https://www.poem-generator.org.uk/jfoll81/ode-to-world.html
Poetry at it's best
subscribe to technoblade tbh
Come on down to Kentucky where the livings cheap and the people are cheaper!
But instead just showing the relation between the most and least popular points
With no context as to actual searches
It shows values ranging from 0% to 100%
That's what I never liked about Google Trends
fair yea
of course its better to do a regional breakdown based on individual location but 1. that would be difficult to do on a graph of this scale while staying legible 2. there is still value in giving people an overall sense of cost of living for a state anyway
Obv your apartment'll be kinda shit but still
Its kinda unreliable to just have one value for an entire state. Its very much possible to live somewhat comfortably with 30k a year here in Texas
exactly
no way in hell 100k is the average anywhere in America except in a few cities

it may well be! but considering 100 is set as the us average in graph 2 idk
its unclear
Oh, I've been assuming it to be like 115 = $115,000 oof
numbers are well and dandy to an economist but theyre shite for the average person
give a dollar amount
problem with cpi graphs and such is that they dont like

it is
yeah
yeah
cost of living?
This seems really high but idk

by 2023 were gonna see a $15 min wage which like, its about god damn time
because were not like. draining our constituents of their civil and economic liberties slowly
yeah its $12 in ma
i didnt get that for a second until i realized u northerners have way higher min wages
yeah
i would say maybe they decided to comply with minimum wage but technically thats still below minimum wage
and no one discussed pay with me
idk the CTE dept head that well
And I get a check through our city
It's the Career & Tech. Ed. dept
My Design teacher isn't the one paying me
The thing is
far more valuable
or ask to get paid IN street cred
I'd ask, for street cred
don't bring it up <:PitWink:230301653536997396>
oh damn nice!
But I’m not complaining I guess ??
Ummm I can’t tell if they bumped up my pay ($8/hr —> $11/hr) or made a mistake

ummm free course on being a drag king heck yes ??
https://www.facebook.com/events/582857615486272
fight the syustem
and
time to get a fake id
Just saying, it looks fun
I mean it’s at a brewery so probably
tsk tsk Tim you gotta call her Ewgela
Not if you don’t call me by the right name
its my time to form a political alliance between two feuding families
smth like that is probably 18+
ange kla pls


For those of you w/o Facebook
you can arrange marriage me
angela
v creative
This event looks so silly and fun i love it
https://www.facebook.com/events/585358608569742/
omg you guys are so cute (together) !!!!!
why is danger the most adorable man i've ever seen
Hmm?
2 types of people
It'd look good on you with that jacket
You should get a grey buttonup the front
it’s all doggie
you’re right
that aint a breakfast my doggie
senior breakfast?

I’m at my senior breakfast
Yo I’m having such a gay time rn
I personally prefer when they're stacked like that
Second semester is cursed
^
Good luck with all that
Damn dude
Thank god for espresso
So this is my week in hell
And then exams starting next week
And then two more the day after tomorrow
I have two tests tomorrow
I'm tired
nice !!!!!
my oldest sister went there!
its fiu
also big congrats !!! 🎉
ooo:  where
Yeet
yo pog then
I'm in the exact same shoes actually
Congrats dude!
holy shit congrats
did you dab
nice
To one of my top choices
I just got my first acceptance letter
guys
only Boston
only Boston, really
as is the entire concept of a molasses flood, really
wtf that's simultaneously whimsical and terrifying
That sounds hilarious but I would be 100% terrified if that happened to me
LOL
Anthony di Stasio, walking homeward with his sisters from the Michelangelo School, was picked up by the wave and carried, tumbling on its crest, almost as though he were surfing. Then he grounded and the molasses rolled him like a pebble as the wave diminished. He heard his mother call his name and couldn't answer, his throat was so clogged with the smothering goo. He passed out, then opened his eyes to find three of his four sisters staring at him.[2]
Wack
maybe it was a very buoyant mattress
The mattress would not start floating because the molasses was moving at 35 mph
was the mattress already floating or did it start floating because of the molasses
Some say you can still see the two people who died having sex on a floating mattress that day
i see
To this day, you can taste it in the groundwater well
Water pollution
It got washed away
what happened to the molasses
Eeeeeeeeh
Thermal is likely, but I would say fatigue would have done it more likely than pure weight and faults
The most likely cause was the temperature changed really quickly which caused a poorly made tank to burst when the Molasses expanded
Cause unknown
An explosion
I wonder how/why the tank bursted
Thanks
I’m
*NOW THATS A FOLK TALE*
*The Great Molasses Flood, also known as the Boston Molasses Disaster or the Great Boston Molasses Flood, occurred on January 15, 1919 in the North End neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts. A large storage tank burst, filled with 2.3 million gallons (8706 tons)[1] of molasses, and a wave of molasses rushed through the streets at an estimated 35 mph (56 km/h), killing 21 and injuring 150. The event entered local folklore and residents claimed for decades afterwards that the area still smelled of molasses on hot summer days.[2]*
@Peacheon @Instantramen_ @NotJoe @timfoolery @E r i k @Snazzy Snail🐌
HAPPY GREAT MOLASSES FLOOD DAY, ALL OF YE BOSTENITES!
*shrugs*
I'll try setting it as my ringtone for tomorrow morning
It's ok music
https://hytale.com/news/2019/1/music-track-preview-looking-back-at-the-announcement-and-an-faq-update
to unblocc the skrocc
tell him
please
Glad to hear it
danger
Cool
guccin 🆒
How are youuuu
Hi
It's only rational
Well you are what you eat so what do you expect him to be
Hi Danger
MAC IS MINE AND IM TURNING HIM INTO JUICE
MACHINE YOU DICK
What painting
Anyway
I could have sworn it said there were more messages
Did you hear something?
TELL HIM TO UNBLOCK ME OR I KIDNAP HIS CATDOG
whatst’ve has transpired
@RequiemOfTheSoul
UNBLOCK ME
MACHINE
What painting
Just wanted to say the painting looks v nice
It’s cute
The tape
oh i like it
no flummox no love
i said hi
she's an old Hypixel mod
i just had megti in a ranked OW game of mine
coinkydink
also
we love it
the neatness of that aside, that has to be the worst tape dispenser ive ever seen
and i sat down for 3 hours going to town on that motherfucker
so we ordered a new big one
our office was getting more people and a bunch of our mailboxes were improvised
v polished
That looks hella great !!!!!!!
damn dude that's pretty sweet
fuckyeah
by myself
i made this

Thats blue
<:uhhh:512053766019743779>
😜
good boy
daddy no
no dont
i will kink your ass
hot
oh no
dont outdom me
no
stupid fucking piece of shit i will crush you with my bare hands
noone see the pink? yall need to get your eyes checked
Green
Green
Green
green or blue or gray or what
what color is this

hey yall
For my highschool it's earth science, bio, chem, physics usually
you too !!!
Heh
: 3
I told the same thing to Ryan earlier, but:  hecking West Coasters
Good chatting with you
Yeah probably
Good night
Anyway I need sleep
That’s not good
yikes
oh my
The dropout rate for my chem class was like 35%
Yeah it's not for everyone
But dealing with animals and plants or a human scale is painful for me
~~oops i hate chem~~
Abd the chem is neat
Genetics was the most fun imo
I like those
Maybe the exceptions are genetics and neuroscience
It has a lot of chem too though
I mean, you’re right
IDK maybe j just had a bad experience in middle school
Bio has too many special cases and exceptions
I like hard and fast rules
I thought bio was the coolest, but that’s just me
Uhh
Why is that?
Bio freaks the hell out of me
Physics, chem, and Earth science
I'm doing 3 lol
ooh neat
We have to do at least 1
We get to pick which sciences we get to do
I know :3
which I’ve heard was v different from everyone else’s
Bear in mind I'm from Canada
At our school, it’s physics, chem, then bio
Hm?
(This question goes for everyone)
In what order do your science classes go in?
Mhm
A question just popped into my head
Hm?
oh !
Which is supposedly when it gets really interesting
You'd get to go deeper into it
That makes a lot of sense
That's neat
Huh
also, Orgo is an elective for us
Thanks :)
Ah, good luck
So hype
And then I'm done
And then exams
But hey I'm almost through
I like chem in general but this unit is nasty
I have to do it as a unit for chem 11
Hah
ofc there’s like a deadline of “you should take this test by this date” but it’s v v v chill
And I really like that as a concept
It’s a v chill class, I’ve heard, and everyone just goes at it on their own and takes the test when they’re ready
(retake a different version of it)
If not, then you study again and retake it
Then, you take a “quiz” on it.  It’s open notes, and you have to get a 100% to move onto the next topic
You can take notes on it, and there’s like a general guideline for what you should know
There’s a bunch of resources — videos, articles, textbook pages, etc. — listed for you
It’s to prep you for Orgo in college, so it’s learn-at-your-own-pace
shhhhhh
I really like the way they do Orgo at my high school
yoke
Yike*
Yoke
they are not enjoying it
i have biochem major friends taking it this sem
Yeahh
bleh orgo
in universities
It’s often a “weed out” class for going into a medical field
It goes more into depth on carbon compounds
What's the organic part for?
Chemistry in general seems to suck
But boy is it heavy on memorization
For the moment
Organic Chemistry suuuucks
Thank you
I know the feeling
Sorry
~~My only friend~~
Google is my friend
Yes but you're bringing up everything I would
or divorce, for that matter
I don't have experience with marriage
I don
I don't have any experience here machine
Also yes what Mark says, I trust Mark on this discussion
Marriage is a sign of stability, and mutual income
But over the long term, due to reduced living costs (you only need one house) and tax incentives it's usually cheaper to be married
~~It's basically a EULA~~
Technically you only need to sign a form
Marriages dont have to cost much if you dont want them to
Minus children
Isn't marriage usually a financial benefit
Can't afford to get married because of college debt
Or that they just don't get married at all
maybe
It probably has to do with the fact that people who are more educated are more likely to get married when they're older and therefore make a better decision
Obviously, it would be lower if you look at marriages (as in, the odds of a specific union breaking up)
The divorce rate of a lifetime (ie the odds of someone have a divorce during their life) is 40-50%
It also depends if you look at a specific divorce vs lifetime rate
Mmmmmmmaybe it's got something to do with volume of marriage then
educated is around 16-20%, whereas less educated is 35% ish
Well that and you suck it up and work it out
no its higher
I guarantee if the divorce level is lower for less educated people though, it's because they can't afford a divorce
hah
And if they're famous or not
it peaked in the 70s or so and then divorce rates differ based on demographic, typically based on education levels actually
technically the divorce rate has never really hit 50
lol
How old to you have to be to know that 40-50% of couples divorce?
They're too young?
a prom game
yes
*Is it a sterotype if it's accurate*
they're too young
prom
wait no its a pron game
okay thanks
Recently Divorced
and instagram couple
new couple
best friends
i've already got:
PDA
on again off again
friends w/ benefits
help i need like 3 stereotypes of couples


But right now, I'm Elfo
I mean secretly I'm Luci
this is my opinion and I'm passionate
@RequiemOfTheSoul
you can never be elfo
you dont have the oomph
you're not elfo
hey hey machine
I'll bring the oil
BURN FORTNITE IN HOLY FIRE!
Yeah
I read a thing at one point that tried to portray Epic Games as an "upstart company"
It's hardly new
around for a while
Hasn't Fortnite been like
i don't either, but I read it
I don’t watch the news
They're advertising it as hip and cool in the news
If you didn't notice, it's all over the news
He was trying to be hip
I said no and he was slightly confused
And what was his reaction?
Do you?
my grandfather just called me to ask me if I play fortnite
I SAY WHIP IT
Go ahead
Move forward
Whip it good
<:PitWink:230301653536997396>
ya gotta whip it
Too projectile-y, like Duckhunt
To play as and against
I dislike them
Ah
I havent played them much
Nope
You didn't know?
Also their dtilt has two parts to it, TIL
Anything with the chains
Yes
Whoever was talking about the Belmont grapples: u-air also works
It's not
No
that’s great too
My sister's Peach says hi
and fair
spamming side b has never been so fun
isabelle’s rod is a form of art
you do spend a lot of time sh nairing tho
in ult, jab is relatively fast as well
f-tilt kills early, but it's slow, and D-tilt is his only reasonably paced ground game for competitive stuff
That said, now with Ultimate, everything is faster, so my data is largely off of Smash 4
D-tilt is fast and combos well and f-tilt kills insanely early
Also Ike's ground game is fine wym
It's their fair and bair instead of grab tho
Wtf I didn't know that either
Belmonts have absurd grapples
Also if you didn't know, Richter's chain is also a grapple for ledge.
Yes, and Ike is *horribly* slow with all but three of his ground-based moves, two of which are grab
But Ike is one character
Two of them are Ike
There's really only four characters that short hopping is a must for
I've been using the macro too much as a crutch
I still need to learn how to shorthop too
Thatssss annoying
Yes, you have to mash B to go up with the balloons
Oh it tethers?
The balloons didn't bring me up <:papersquid:496218778938507274>
Also, her fishing rod doubles as a grapple for grabbing the ledge
I killed myself trying to recover yesterday
Because her recovery is 2good4u
Woah
And *then* worry about recovering
Because you can grab people from offstage and throw them behind you
I think I just need to use it more though
No it's the best part of her
The rod feels weird to me actually
~~But please don't actually, I like it~~
~~Fishing rod too OP, please nerf~~
~~Mostly because I can punish people for trying to edgeguard me now~~
I love Isabelle
She's so cute <:orisapat:438466850121187328>
Isabelle is fuuuuuuun
I wanna learn Isabelle
isabelle and marth are great
I don't like giving out the whole "this will be revolutionary" predictions but it does look kinda neat
I'm actually kinda interested in what Hytale will look like
but it's on ike so it doesnt make him broken
i've heard ike's nair is broke yeah
Ike can kind of just camp with it. It's really fast, hard to punish, and combos into everything, leading to easy kills
i wouldn't say broke
it's strong
his nair is broken
oh yeah, Ike is really fun too
I've been fucking around with Ike as well
alex is a smart man
Yes but miis
gale into up b
what, mii swordfighter is great
While I respect you for Dark Samus
Mii swordfighter is just no
i main dark samus and mii swordfighter
Lucina is superior to Marth
I haven't played the game too much, but so far I really like link, young link (not toon link because he's lame), cloud, lucina/marth, and dk
<:PitNoot:400706498931720193> <a:DPitFast:486242317515358235>
I've really enjoyed Isabell, and I like the updates to Link. So probably those two. But G&W will always be a hidden pocket, and Ridley takes no skill for me so far
who do you guys main?
What if you own it but don’t play it 🤔
darn
Hahahaha you asked who plays it, not who owns it
machine gimme your friend code
oh crap i forgot to add you echks
I do
yes!
Does anyone here play smash ulti?
worldgen kinda looks like terraria
https://hytale.com/news/2019/1/worldgen-introduction
The Day Hath Cometh
luke 23:42
All Resolve 6
3/4 of my party just died
yeah.
hes dead?
Poor Dismas :::ccc
I always get too attached
I lost my first/favourite character in Darkest Dungeon ahhh
so sad
I'm
kingsisle entertainment more like give us your money
i mean what do you expect they gotta make money somehow
yike
yeah
nowadays you ""can""
so
which takes forever but its free
bc its just blocked by premium currency but you can grind for that by taking quizzes on their website
seriously?? o:
nowadays you can
which was upsetting
but you just couldn't progress without memberships
like it wasn't *exactly* P2W
unless you weren't into using your parents' credit card
but Wizard101 was fun
Idk how I didn't see this until now
tbh
Wizard101 is honestly a solid game real talk
Meh.
I AM A LEVEL 125 NECROMANCER YOU'RE JUST MAD BECAUSE YOU'RE NOT AS GOOD AS ME
NO IT'S SO GOOD
I didnt play it because it's lame B)
yes Echks you can come this will be great
No, because you're made of steak and tortilla sauce
can i come
WE NEED TO PLAY IT TOGETHER SOMETIME THEN
WOW
my parents never let me download wizard101
Thunderlord was the way to do it
Infinite heat seeking tendrils
So was Thunder
oh yeah
I remember how Earthwarden was incredibly overpowered upon release
!!!!! <33
Ayy Protectors rise up
and Earthwarden was better but stiiill ehh
I definitely did not understand Thunderlord
I didn’t really like Shaman
More fun than Cryo imo tho
Avenger was just okay
Yeah, Crus is the second and Prot is the third
But I really only played Paladin
I was mostly an Aqua though (lvl 89 yea yeet)
Of the paladins, the 2nd and 3rd were my preferences
esp Crusader and Protector
They were all so fun
I remember the days when I played it
So good at cryo 
Dancing and weaving
It was how I learned how to not get hit
Pally Pals best class
Disagree
There is no better class
I mean, cryomancer has always been and always will be how you play Warlords
so I was like yea yeety
But I was(/am) also obsessed with ice/water
You do like supports
I feel like the life school would have been better for me
there are stat effects for most of the schools except maybe fire
life also has the best accuracy
Or status effects
I like status effects
school of life
I'd go for a healer
For a card based combat system
That said
RNG likes me
Load me down with RNG
I like RNG
low defense, least health, most damage
flashy, powerful, higher rate of spell failure
although glass cannons are storm
turn based card combat
So my preferences may be different
Although idk how W101 operates
I myself prefer glass cannons
patience, high amt of health, focus on defense
slow and steady tanks?
I was always the ice school
I pick Slytherin
also unjokingly w101 "which school are you" quiz is very poorly made but i stand by the idea that whichever school you picked says a great deal about you personally
@ robin
dont talk abt w101 porn unless you get halston balestrom porn
That's the least surprising one, tbh
yeah but is there porn of the TREE GRANDPA
Rule 34
good lord why
I was curious and there is, in fact, wizard 101 porn out there
dont thinking me
🤔🤔🤔
i would fuck wizard101
>.>
wizard101is hot
that
danger saying
a screenshot of what
i sent a screenshot of that to a friend and she just went "NONONONONONONONONONONONO"
tentai but with tree branches
BARTLEBY
The number goes down 70% once you remove all the scenarios where I cosplay as that big ass tree with the grandpa beard in Wizard101
LunarZetaToday at 4:48 PM
I'm trying to think about how many of my sexual fantasies have involved Danger in some way
I'm thinking about half
CemeteriesToday at 4:48 PM
w h at
LunarZetaToday at 4:48 PM
yeah that sounds right
what does that sound too low to you
kill them all @Instantramen_
I saw ~20 minutes of it :3
Half the people in my computer repair class have never seen Monty Python, I've been been so disappointed
I'm like 5'7 or 8 when I straighten up.
She's 5'2
How tall are you?
Lunar is like 6’1 and my dad is just 6’0 so
omg so cute
Y’all cuties have fun
sO CUTE !!!!!!!
I now especially like Jinx's dad, knowing that he's short
Florida tho
I don't believe in Florida
It’s Florida
It's January
Why are you at the beach
oh no
yes
You’re next
WHia
when your girlfriend's dad walks in o
haha get fucked jinx's dad
also btw lunar is taller than my dad which is super cool
@Peacheon :3
yes
jinx no
echks wants the f u c k
y'all adorable
oh no
Holy fuck he's big tall mmm
yes
@echks
omggggg
Umm the height difference was kind of prominent
IT WAS AT THE BEACH TODAY
:3
gdi jinx
update: the one photo has me not looking good so suck it
Grats <:genjiPat:398126387871088642>
Ayy
you better take pictures >:L
we're meeting again tomorrow SMH it's fine
and also sent them to me
to remember the time and stuff
y'all should've at least taken pictures for yourselves
update: things are Fine
Also we didn't take any photos lol losers
you're welcome
brilliant
oh
what
lunar this is your chance pretend to care
Jk
hi
oh no im sorry jinx
yeah she is
HOW ARE WE SUPPOSED TO TAKE A PHOTO OF OURSELVES POSING LIKE THIS
IM CRYING RN LUNAR CONFIRM
good
that hurt my feelings
>:[
):
lazy bastards
YES WE DO
YES WE DO WE ALWAYS NEED MEL
YOU DONT NEED MEL
okay
well we need to wait for Mel to come back or something then
DO IT
because we have to take the photo ourselves
OKAY
We are on a BENCH
DO IT FOR PEACHY
that wouldn't really work
NO WE CANT DO THAT
^^^^^
If y’all don’t do hella poses I’ll be upset
ok
I’m considering it
yes
take the photo
echks
hMmMm
why don't you take it
he dumb
hey
btw
Lunar doesn’t know how to take a photo
IM PROUD OF MY CHILDREN
I want pics !!!!
DO IT
hMMmMMMm
hmm
send pictures
Tell them it's the first time you've seen them all year, that's a classic
ooooo:
ALSO HI SKRIM-SAN
LUNAR AND I ARE TOGETHER IRL RN
what
what
uwu guess what guys
pls
bab
omg alex
College apps, hah. More like I'm tired and now I need to napp
and like wtfffffff
im doing clockwork orange rn for a project
bc i forgot it
and i only wanted to remember it
i started it but got distracted by something else at the time and never got around to finishing it
It was still bad though
Eh I liked catcher in the rye more than some of the other mandatory readings
I dont think I've ever encountered a character I liked less than Holden Caufield
but why would you want to remember *that*
because i wanted to remember
Why are you looking for catcher in the rye
weird
i guess i just had a british vibe from it
woops
oh
also I hate that book
that's set in New York
ily robin
you sure it's not Catcher in the Rye?
it hurts that i remember so few details
first half of 20th century maybe?
and it's a classic banned book
like a real mean rude kid
and it's about this bad teenage boy
except it's british
but i remember almost nothing about it
im trying to remember this book
someone help me
shit
happ new years !!
Hey happy New Years guys
<:orisapat:438466850121187328>
:((
skrim idk
idk
@Conroy am i ur friend
tfw
no friends
My New Years resolution is to fulfill lunars resolution this year and all his resolutions to come
yes
aww
Take my dogs on more walks OwO
yes to peachy
me too but girl
Danger?
Doesn't really count
So
I have been kissed by a cute boy but I didn't kiss him back and it was just on the cheek
can confirm
men find me desirable
I've held girls and boys hands, yet no kisses
Hell I ain't ever even held a girl's hand.
have u seen me
ok but robin
no boys are sluts
holdings hands seems like an easier goal than kissing
boys
i second lunar's about byos
sounds like an upgrade
oh i know
I will kiss a cute boy this year
hold hands with a body pillow?
actually maybe ill scale it down what can you scale that down to
i will hold hands with a girl this year
yeah that seems like a reasonable goal
Hmmm......let's see, get rich. Sleep in a bed of cash, GET QUALITY INTERNETS
Hey, me to!o!
~~I want to finish my college apps~~
5760 * 1080
it is ***2018***
January 1, **2019** — Question of the Day:
What are your New Year's Resolutions?
@​here
instead of the incorrect time
im in kentucky so I can celebrate the new year at the correct time
Happy new year!
haha
fuckin time travelers
wow I haven't talked in this server all year
YEEET
Yes
Happy new year !!!!!!!!
Idk what you're talking about
Ummm
She smokes, she drinks, etc
Malia Obama may have gotten into Harvard but she’s like any other college student hahah
that is true
If it fails after you’re dead it’s fine
<:anarchy:292089357630832641>
As long as it works while you’re alive it’s fine
feel the good vibes
just kinda feel it
you know
so my new new solution is to destroy the government and just be happy
I realized I described Venezuela
but then
we create a government run oil monopoly and take the proceeds to the poor people without interfering with other business
no no no then I fixed it
and then ate all the money, thus dissolving class society
what if the poor people just killed all the rich people and took their money
I was talking about how we should give money to schools equally and he was like "what if we just gave the money the poor people instead so they wouldn't be poor anymore"
how
<:soviet:280046671935569920> 👀
COMMUNISM TIME
im more left than robin now please help
I've converted Tim to communism
ah
Obama child
who?
I argue that now is the perfect time to debate on it, just so I can show you you were wrong when she proves you wrong.
that's fair
Yeah, I think she's fine
I think its stupid to debate whether she's bad or good because we literally don't know anything about her
but like she likely highkey got into harvard b/c her dad is obama
Which uni wouldn't want to admit the ex-Pres' daughter?
I mean I think she's probably a fine person
and like idk I can't blame her for getting into Harvard
like, it's not her fault that her father was the President ?
idk, I think the Obamas are pretty humble people
zucc dropped out, thats the difference
Or maybe not because people with that level of privilege are at a disadvantage for being anything other than awful
Yeah I'm sure Malia is a perfectly fine young lady
Hate is a little strong
that works too yeah
That also might help
Or being the president's kid
I mean
With unis like Harvard, having done something cool with your life despite being young is pretty much a prerequisite for entering
that's true
she had enough time to commit domestic terrorism and she didn't even do that
dumb kids
yeah she sucks and I hate her
malia obama is 20 she literally hasnt had the chance to do anything
Seems fine to me
He's the only robot
No I think he means Mark Zuckerburg
I agree, the last one does not belong
-former president
-brilliant mathematician and prominent social critic
-successful actor
-tech guru, billionaire
-some kid who probably only got in because her dad went there
yeah wtf is matt damon doing there
one of these things is not like the others

I've gotten spanish, dutch, and German

And I think Russian was the one I didn't click to checj
not sure
at least I took spanish and googled it and stuff, idk where your thing comes from
yeah that's pretty weird
which is weird
oh i got danish ads a lot
I forgot that spotify sometimes gives me ads in spanish
ripperoni D:
rip
my spotify premium year long thing just ended and now I'm sad because they're not doing it again this year 😦
Yes
Feng shui?
But it is very feng shui
This is not the best website, agreed
hipster stuff
I guess not just stationery but that general kind of stuff
well it is a stationery website
Reminds me too much of the back to school aesthetic weirdly
but it's pretty good
it's not the best I've seen
It’s ok
I would marry this website
oKAY but tell me this website isn't the most aesthetically pleasing website you have ever seen
https://www.poketo.com/collections/sale/products/sample-sale-project-planner-in-sky
so good
It's just
I'm so hot for stationary omfg
I see
and I found myself holding my breath while browsing it ?
everything about this website is gorgeous
Like
https://www.poketo.com/collections/sale
Is it weird that website design leaves me breathless sometimes
giddies
zoobs
ghost tiddies
zombie boobs
zombie boobs
zombie boobs
how does the Shining lead to talking about boobs
Uhhhh I think we were talking about the Shining
I wanna know how this entire conversation turned the way it did....
you have like half a boob so that'd be 3
>:L
my boobs + peachy's boobs = four boobs
do you have cow udders
back 2 mafia
very good
thank you everyone
eCHKS

boobgeoisie
this conversation was worth it y'all can go home now
there it is
proletitiat
i reject the class structure of boob society
close enough
that's still oligarchy at the very least
thats four rulers
ok but it wouldnt be a dictatorship if our boobs all ruled it
tell that to europe
They’re going to have to work it out at some point
listen those two are kind of stuck toegther
And it’ll be gReAtEr than the Roman Empire
the division of power between the left and right titties will inevitably foment distrust and conflict
The greatest known to mankind
oh
Together our boobs should start a dictatorship
thank you
Echks, I agree
And the answer to all of them is that my boobs are the best. thank you everyone
I have several questions
GET BACK TO ME WHEN YOUR BOOBS HAVE CREATED SOMETHING TO RIVAL THE GLORY OF THE ROMAN EMPIRE
I SUPPOSE THAT IS IRREFUTABLE AT THIS JUNCTURE
YOU’LL SEE
THEY CAN AND THEY WILL
CREATE COMPLEX SOCIETIES
COULD YOUR BOOBS BUILD THE PYRAMIDS
SHOW ME SOME ACCOMPLISHMENTS
HOW DARE YOU
MY BOOBS ARE VERY SMART THANK YOU VERY MUCH
sure
oh
I think the conclusion here is that flat is justice
HOW SMART ARE YOUR BOOBS
THE BOOBS LACK COMPLEX PATTERNS OF THOUGHT
THEY ARE SINGLE-MINDED SAVAGES
There’s no stopping them
Boobs are the top of the food chain
ummm are you kidding me
the bugs always win in the end
once the carnivoristic boobs collapse human society there are more than enough animals to clean things up
I for one, welcome our new boob overlords
Nah
Think about it
If most females have them, and there’s two each, then they’re already almost as many as there are humans
they’re going to take over the planet
everybody gangsta till the boobs start eating people
boobs rise up
uh oh
Excellent idea
yum
unless the boobs start eating people theres no vore
but it's the boobs specifically
uhhhhhhh
no
Zombies eat human nom nom nom
^^^^^^^^^
VORE IS NOWHERE IN THE PICTURE HERE
WRONG
NO
umm ew
~~r/vore~~
there is a very specific niche for the latter though
for most people certainly
Boobs > Zoobs ?
then they turn into zombie boobs and yeah that's rather gross
no they're normal boobs at first
zombie boobs sound nasty tf are y'all on about
very good
zombie boobs
missed opportunity
:(
big sad
rip
you missed the boobs then
oh
So that might explain it
Especially that part
I had my eyes half-closed for half of the movie
You know
ohh
I feel like I should remember the boobs part
well the lady is naked so um
oh
i don’t remember the boobs part
zombie boobs
Wait whay
also the part with boobs
there's just so much to love about that movie
that's definitely the most eerie/grotesque part
like just thinking about it
the part with the lady in the bathtub still freaks me the heck out
the shining is just atmospherically spooky tbh
so uhh
bc I got scared at the Shining
gotta bug someone into watching it with me
ah
Very good though, but I wouldn't watch it alone
Yeah it was very tense
I feel like that’s definitely more psychologically freaky to watch them it just directly killing them
They kill themselves ??
oh god
There's some kind of creature that makes you kill yourself if you see it
a box full of small birds
What is it about ?
oh no
Very spoopy
I just watched bird box with my family and I didn't know it was a horror movie going into it
theyre the last surviving western vestige of bacchanalia rituals except this time pumped full of testosterone
but its a collection of photos that he took at uc berkeley frats for years
andrew moisey has this book which i want so bad that ive only read reviews of
idk in idea they sound fine to me, but they just seem to go badly a lot
modern fraternities are a subject of great interest
i read
have you had a personal experience or something?
huh
no they really are
or is it just a media blown up thing
theyre really the one place left in western/american society where arcane oaths of loyalty and brotherhood are perpetuated and accepted
are they always though
frats are deeply disturbing especially at some of the bigger schools
its like a lifestyle youre absorbed into (severity depending on school)
no
no
So is it kind of like an Honors program at a college?
aren't sororities just female fraternities
but frats are
and sororities idk
they are social organizations
was what I thought
like you join them to meet people and make friends
also social organizations?
^
How so?
lowkey frats are cults
or often might be wrong
All I know about them is from media, and I feel like that might not capture them that well
but often have bad things happen due to hazing
I thought they were social organizations that just had people live w/ each other
But I’m still confused as to what fraternities and sororities really are ??
Unrelated question
yeah
as far as religious schools go, most Jesuit schools are fairly secular iirc
and yeah BC is considered a pretty solid school
yeah, it’s not that bad
like they're more religious than average but I've usually heard people say it's pretty much fine
I don't think bc is that religious
also bc BC is a nice school
I’ve been there and heard students speak about how it’s really not that bad
angela why are you applying to a jessuit college if you're not religious?
its more than just courses its campus life
they make you take one theology course or smth but I don’t really mind that
you really should BC is v religious
theoretically I should know more about the religious affiliations of my choices but nahh
all bc questions were trash but I chose 2 b/c I could copy and paste from elsewhere
jesuit schools are so weird
oh god BC
1, 2, and 4 all sound really annoying to me, so I would pick 3. I've already written an essay to a prompt that was really similar, so I could probably just copy and paste
Glad I'm not applying there
Those all sound awful
Why? xD
*4
except 4 but i feel like they wouldn't like my answer to 34
Really?
oh god those sound like hell
I can't choose one
I want to answer all of these questions

oh neat !!
Ethics, various religions, human rights, art and history and what that says about the human mind etc, evolution and animals relation to humans, relation of the world to humans, philosopher wise we covered a lil bit of Plato, a good amount of Hobbes, Rousseau, some Kant, some Hume
What did your course cover?
Took it last year
Anthropology is good shit
maybe with a minor in Criminal Justice
I'd do English, Psychology, Sociology, Education, and Anthropology
saaame
aaaaa
some writing thing, psychology, philosophy, sociology
i'd do fuckin
oh dude same
I wonder how many minors you're allowed to take
I would quadruple-major if I had the time/energy for it bc I want to learn everything
Ok!!
tellll mee how that goes !!!!
o:
Oh hey I'm taking an anthropology course this spring 
It does seem very cool
so I'm just going to rip my hair out
and some colleges won't let you pick Undecided
I can't decide what I want to major in
Anthropology sounds so cool
nice
I'm just gonna copy my common app essay into coalition
any college that uses coalition is objectively wrong
It's the only one too
that was the one thing I stayed away from at all cost
disgusting
oh
bad supps?
hecking Coalition App
why
Also, I hate Virginia Tech
Yeah, it'd probably make more sense to combine them
I mean I was just curious as they're pretty much the same thing
Idk I guess I could combine them
why'd you separate essay and supplements into two sections?
I don't think I could live without them
I actually love spreadsheets

Nice
the greatest feeling for college apps is when you can copy and paste a supplement for multiple colleges though
:(
Yes echks, they can be that bad
thats neat
ohh
v helpful
I have a spreadsheet that helps me keep track of which schools I'm applying to and what I need to do for them
spreadsheet?
i CaN't LoGiN tO mY sChOoL aCcOuNt To AcCeSs mY sPrEaDsHeEt rEEE
they cant be that bad
college apps are terrible
why
reeeee
i hate college already
I hope you win 😂
Truly unfortunate
If we did stacking I would've won lol
Yeah but nothing's perfect
Did you guys shuffle it at all
It's brand new lol
That deck was not shuffled properly
LMAOOOOO
Kill me

p sure I’m still working at below min so ahh
oh yea yeet
yeet
Well technically they're just raising minimum wage but I'll take what I can get
Yeet I'm getting a raise at work!
delelele woooop
What
https://www.reddit.com/r/me_irl/comments/a9qrpi/me_irl
I think it's satire
*April 1, 2010. I am grateful to my imaginary friend for helpful if one-sided discussion during the writing of this note.
the first footnote literally says
I can't be sure
but
I think it is
Please help, I can't tell if this is satire or not
https://www.pitt.edu/~jdnorton/Goodies/ethics_te/ethics_te.html
Oh shit, Twister, Monopoly and Poker oh my.
Since when do they need ads
I'm at a movie theatre, and they just played an ad for Google???
i'm not wrong
lmao
sHuT uP
Isn’t all WiFi better than your home WiFi
Their wifi is probably better than mine at home I’m going to cry
@NotJoe be our lawyer you’re perfect for the job
oh you’re right
a house lawyer
@NotJoe already doesn't have a soul
for houses
does anyone here want to be a lawyer
amazing
also whatever contract we'd have to make to split a house amongst 45 people would be insane
only relative to the total cost
OnLy
actually if the house is worth $2million we'd "only" have to pitch in like $44k each
Oh yeah they have a basketball court outside too
I don’t quiiite know where
It’s in New Hampshire
u right
depending on where it is that place could be worth a few mil
xD
idk about that
A Squid Squad mansion
that would be fun
in the future maybe
We could all buy it if we pitched in o:::
<:Mewink:495067493032001536>
@Peacheon tell them im buying that from them
hONESTLY
Tfw someone's second house is nicer than you'll ever have as a main house
I would love to live here.  I’d feel like a queen
It’s gorgeous
Okay that’s everything
Andy’s bedroom, with the door balcony


Wow
My bedroom


One of the dining rooms

Another extra bedroom


The garage
The view !!!!!!!

((me))

There’s an actual closet outside too
In the bathroom
^walk-in closet



jesus

Hella bougie but ngl that box around it looks pretty lame without curtains or anything
The bathroom in it:

that's a nice-ass house
The master bedroom is the most bougie:



They have Monopoly Luxury Edition.  That’s how bougie this is





That tree is taller than my life

Jesus that's super bougie

^^ this is from an indoor balcony in one of the rooms ??



Oh damn!!
We’re here and it’s **hella** bougie omg
So the owner gave us the keys to his lake house for a couple days
whoaa
My dad won Employee of the Year at his restaurant
present
Guyssss
https://pics.me.me/im-already-winston-winston-churchill-az-quotes-hmmmm-38498207.png
I wanna be Winston
I wanna be Winston
I wanna be Winston
Nice!

Lookin here what I got
It’s not Christmas for me yet but MERRY CHRISTMAS TO THE EST KIDDOS
Love yall
CST is SHIT
Just acquire more rotation
Merry Christmas to you too you stinking EST overlords
IN THIS HOUSE WE OPPRESS CSTERS
BAD TIME ZONE
Smh time travelers

Merry Christmas!! <:orisalove:438466850347810818>
Feliz Christmas
Yayyy ❤️
Merry Christmas!
nice ^^
fucking Excellent timing
ago
i literally just finished die hard like fifteen minutes
Murray Chrismas
MERRY CHRISTMAS YEET
Merry Christmas y’all !!!!!!!!
Ahhhhhh....that....explains it about 90%.....
It's French
Okay.....someone explain to an old fashioned brain....the hell's with them names?
owo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H4kPIl0_qK4
https://www.rabb.it/peachylovespie
We're watching Tokyo Godfathers
I couldn’t for the life of me figure out how to beat the slime monsters bc they kept multiplying
usually you make a few dumb mistakes at the beginning
I mean honestly I deleted my first run after the first couple hours anyway
It is supposed to yeah
Huh
It's supposed to auto-save i think ??
Rip. Also tsk tsk you gotta save at any opportunity
This game hates me for some reason
and 2 hours worth of progress was lost
the screen froze so i closed the window
welp
ye
neato
ooh
and during that time you can have a certain number of points you can use to activate camping skills
On longer missions, you sometimes can camp to regain morale, health, and stuff
I don't really understand what the Camping Skills are
:^)
i'll get it when i get paid for the shift i did three weeks ago
that is worth it imo
oh thats pretty good
uhhh $7.49
And which moves can be used when
How much
Yeah
Except I wish I knew how the turn-system worked
Is it on sale right now
I like how the combat system is
Yeah definitely
appropriately
but also stressful at times
oh yeah the combat is excellently satisfying
Yeah it's great
so it's perfect
I love turn-based strategy
Nice!!
Now that it's working, super fun !!!!
How's Darkest Dungeon? @Peacheon
i'm dead all night yeet
Yeah, Jan. 2 i think
Would setting it later/~midnight help?
thank u
January something
when does the event end
oh i still have to buy the mercy skin dont i
awh oof
tfw holidays
I gotta do family stuff tonight/tomorrow
^
*
nor can i
I don't think I can come tonight at all <:eye_cri:474747921917673472>
~~if we don't really have a majority vote, I'm going to say ~8 pm?~~
I'm free whenever
When are y'all available ? o:
And it takes place on Christmas Eve
I want to watch Tokyo Godfathers
omg movie night
want to have a movie night? o:
heyyyy kiddos
Who knows what evil lurks in the hearts of men?
For pi, it's both
Is that an insult or a compliment
thanks b
Id be lesbian for you
r/absolutelynotme_irl
But that works too
Oh I was thinking something more along the lines of every woman instantly becoming lesbian the second they see me
aww
<:transcat:406170949600411658> <:transdab:406183049227796485> <:transeyes:453648957604757506> <:translove:430756106994974721>
<:blobtransgenderflag:437391404050939904>
<:transkitty:493229655776821249>
<a:animated_transgender_flag:460883592227192845>
so i can be one of them
uh
if echks is living in a house with all his lesbian friends then i want in
Wow just like real life
oh
a friend of mine got it yesterday and instantly made a house full of lesbians
Only downside is that you have to use Origin
y'all should get it bc that's a mega steal
88% off
Sims 4 is only $4.99 on Origin rn !!!!!!!
holy crap
Oh that reminds me
where?
im gonna do a raid
hi looshy <:MewLove:482878805304672276>
hi skrim
yesterday <:owo:525446869716041728>
when'd you leave
<:VaporHi:491421217241169948>
Hewwo

I've found a few randomly
And then after that I kind of lost interest because there were too many to keep track of
I think I only found two in gen 3
Way back when I played gen 2 I found four
Uuuuuh
Just my HootHoot...come to think, I totally forgot what it looked like too..
Have y'all found any randomly?
Oh yeah, I forgot that one.
I played through all of gen 2-5 and never encountered any aside from the red garyados and the ones I hacked in
Idk
what how
I've still never seen a legit shiny Pokemon
Wow...
and the european magpie is pica pica
and the genus of corvidae of magpies is pica
oh also fun fact pica is named after the latin word for the magpie which i cannot remember right now
IT IS A LIFESTYLE DAMN YOU
HOW DARE THEY CALL NIGHT EATING A DISORDER
Oh, and on the note of pokemon, the only shiny I have EVER saw was many years ago on an old gameboy Soul Silver, a shiny HootHoot, literally the first fight out of town...when you weren't even introduced to pokeballs....
Goodie goodie.
also fun fact pica is also found in animals! although for different reasons
Fair point..
hey man i dont tell your brain how to do its job
I mean....but why turn to frickin paint or dirt? EAT FOOOOOD, FOOD GOOD!
pica has been documented, conservatively, as far back as the 16th century
its stress eating extreme edition
literally....nothing?
Jeez...what happened to when a lady craved say pickles...you give em a bigass jar of pickles....and prepare for when its empty?
and since pregnancy is a huge stress as well as doing other fucky shit to your eating habits in general, well,
its not a disease its a psych disorder brought about by stress
FANTASTIC....FAN...FUCKING...TASTIC
oh pica makes u do weird shit lmao
*insinuating.
cravings of *dirt and paint* n i c e
I think its intending cravings.
the pregnant women statistic is what confuses me
Jesus christ....
28% of pregnant women, apparently
Or pregnant!?
Wait.....who the fuck eats dirt and paint regularly?
Oh wait that's a bad disease...
Pica sounds like the setup to a ligma joke to me
What the fuck
SNNNNRK
Wtf??
I'm not biased to any type yeet

charmander/totodile/treeko/piplup/snivy/fennekin/rowlet is the only correct set of choices
Hang on, that last one.....one of them is literally nothing more than a sword...
CROCANAW!
And get in my face
And earlier she was trying to climb on me
She started freaking out and barking at me today for not giving her attention
Why are dogs the worst
im so tierd wtf
and this is shiny wise
😢
i had to get ariados early (only allowed myself 2 / 20 )
this is the one i just done
eh
looking at it i didnt really expect that
fav pokemon picker tihngy
oh i found my old

I think I chose pipulup/chimchar, snivy/oshawatt, froakie/chespin, and rowlet
traitor
I just realized I never picked a grass starter
Charmander, cyndaquil, mudkip, chimchar,oshawott
grass types > water types > fire types
Yeah same
on what starter is the best out of the 3
like i never ended changing opinion
they are all my favorite also
not really
you dont??
the starters you chose for each gen
remember what
how do you remember this
Bulbasaur / Totodile / Mudkip / Chimchar / Snivy / Froakie / Rowlet
i did
i didnt pick charmander
Charmander hah
am I wrong
joe heck u
omg
the bset thing about pokemon was making your little charmander evolve
smh angela a gambler from a young age I see
the best thing about pokemon was Voltorb Flip
the best thing about pokemon was completing the pokedex
also the best thing about games is completion and progression
my favourite pokemon game is Explorers of Darkness ahah
leveling up in pokemon
imagine if u removed
ok
bad example bc i spent hours just naming pokemon
It is for me
imagine if u removed gym leaders from pokemon
harder planets aren't satisfying
You have harder planets + enemies/quests
is how rare some loots are
only problem i have with terraria
bosses
Terraria you have
repeat
the only relevant thing in starbound was the pokeball system
find new ore
make a cool mining drill whatever it was
craft with it
mine it
wow it's a new record looshy
new ore
starbound progression is literally
I do agree that the Starbound worlds can be cooler/prettier tho, and definitely are more diverse
two messages in a month
The world of Terraria is pretty big, and once you feel like you've explored most of it it radically changes everything once you beat the wall of flesh
I feel like I'm getting more content for what I'm paying for
Like, Starbound's world is huge
I don't like the fact that Terraria's world is so limited
I didn't feel that bc I always had a farming planet
I know I just felt like there wasn't really a need to make a consistent home, so instead of having a singular place that starts modest and grows into a nice communal home you feel attached to, you have a bunch of smaller, less important bases
just a place you store stuff in between planets
Yeah, but the spaceship isn't really supposed to be like a cozy home
Starbound had more of a storyline/progression
eh the spacehip was a pretty good spot to station a lot of stuff
You're not really supposed to spend time on your spaceship
As opposed to the tiny, personal spaceships that you can't customize much
And I like that you have more of like a home
Terraria has a lot more depth imo
never played terraria
starbound was a solid game
Disagree
but Starbound is better
Terraria is good
I couldn't hit anything
I've always had good WiFi but I used to play tf2 on like 5 fps,I don't know how I got any enjoyment out of it at all
Also yeah having bad internet could put a bit of a damper on multiplayer games
it is RAD
whatevs
Haven't played it in like 4 years tho
robin gets me!!
ye
Terraria is pretty rad
or the wifi
Because I'm usually in a call with people so I don't get to focus on the game
it's like 10 times better than Starbound
i wish i had the patience to play multiplayer games
what's wrong with terraria
I wish I had the time/energy to play single player narrative driven games
terraria's nice
Advertising bad games
wdym
Kick this man
😎
only real game is terraria
Oh yeah I have a friend who's a big proponent of it
it's hella cheap rn
Heard that this game was v good
https://store.steampowered.com/app/107100/Bastion/
wut
it's not cute
It's short and cute, or so I'm told
unless they're co-op
Platformers aren't really my thing
ehhh
I'd recommend getting shovel knight then, Angela
Esp. If it comes with the DLCs, as they're games themselves as well
I like to check if I'm getting games at their lowest price with https://steamdb.info/
Shovel Knight is 20% off -- currently $19.99
Is shovel night on sale?
but like everything is on sale !!!!  go go go
didn't realize it
omg steam winter sale happening now
**PERFECT**
Going to decorate it with food
We don’t really have a Christmas tree, so I’m just going to treat this plate as one

guess they're dead for another month now
looshy 😍
hello this is my monthly message in this server bc i’m terrible

<:waa:516074125815709717>
<:ghosthug:496601315833544704>
😬
<:GHMirror:408670681035964426>
not gonna play but thanks <:orisapat:438466850121187328>
@pi @Skrimiche signups for game 39 are up, you know where to find em
...YOU SHOULD HAVE SLEPT FOUR HOURS BEFORE THAT
sleep is for the weak and im weak
okay im not done but too tired so whatevs
im not sure if i should just give her a really short and kind of ehhhhh card or just give her a chocolate ?
as im writing one for my math teacher, i realize that i really know jack diddly squat about her
i guesss ?
Seasons greetings?
idk how to write the opening line
idk their names thoughh ahhhh
My favourite decorations so far are the ones for my bus drivers o:

Peachy you're too nice
Aww
Two notes down, eight(?) more to go
Good nightie
Anyways, I'm gonna head to sleep now so goodnight!
I see
That’s what winter break is forrr
okay but i dont want to write essays
I'd prioritize essays right now imo
touching and relatable
“thank you for being in the same space as i am”
Also, it’s like a “thanks for putting up with me even though im a derp” kind of thing as well
+ it’s nice to tell someone how much you appreciate them idk
Idk feels weird to do halfway thru the year
might as well accompany it with some notes
well, im already giving them chocolate
Also you should get some sleep!!!
Why now and not the end of the year?
ah
And it's really challenging to stay alive and hit stuff
on a side now, i cant really sleep, so i *guess* ill get up and write thank you notes to all of my teachers now
Well the appeal of this one too me is that it has a lot of teamwork, since it's 40 people per team and you're broken into squads that need to stick together and you have like a squad leader and a team leader
but have fun with them o;
so i don’t reeally see the appeal of it
besides like OW
fps are sadly not my thing
ah
You don't even have a kill feed, you find out how many you got at the end of the ~40-60 min game
And almost always 1 hit kills
With like short bursts of action
Post Scriptum is 50% waiting around and chatting while everyone sets up positions and strategy
I need my overly realistic fps games
Because red orchestra is dying and I'll need to replace it eventually
what’st’ve
Thinking about buying either Post Scriptum or Squad
you go robin
ofc not
But idk.  It’s senior year.  I *guess* I’ll drop $200 on one day of the year
I have too many games I don't need any more ~~but that won't stop me~~
/still do that for online friends
yeah, I used to do that
ah
I abuse steam for my gifts
who do you need to pick out gifts for?
oh no
I still need to pick out gifts haha
Congrats!
but better late than never !!!!!
granted, im not going to get them in time for Christmas
like a huge weight has been lifted off my shoulders
So, now that I’ve ordered everything, I feel like I’m free
Highkey, for the past few weeks, I’ve only spent my free time looking for Christmas gifts, most days well past 12 am
this is the optimal way to spend your time at 1:30 am
where that amazon delivery guy at
Too invested now
If someone bought it while I was trying to buy it I’ll actually hunt down the last pair
and they went sorry nope removing this thing from your cart rn
about to checkout
I was
thats a pain
wow
I finally found everything, put in my card info, aND THEN ONE OF THE ITEMS JUST BECAME UNAVAILAVLE AND NOW I HAVE TO FIND ANOTHER ONE AND PUT IN ALL MY INFO AGAIN AHHHHHHH
After spending about two weeks straight, night and day, browsing gifts on Amazon
ahhHh
ragequit
to
going
I’m
There's a picture with at least 8 scantily clad women on or around an 18 wheeler
But if you look, I believe it's on their homepage
So it may not be on the mobile version
https://www.stockcarsteel.com
It’s similar to: 🤔
OH LET ME SHOW YOU THE WEBSITE WE ORDERED OUT BRIDGE STEEL FROM
It made you go square box?
also, upon taking a closer look, it’s not that bad.  design just looks v basic and the flexing guy is the only thing that made me go 🧐
Yeah
really?
Saban is a recognized name too
ah i see
but it’s too “””masculine””” for my tastes
Oh I'd get him that
Except I no longer support amazon so I wouldn't actually
This is honestly the best cheap gift set I can find
Spa Gift Basket Bath Set - Lush Body Lotion, Shower Gel, Bubble Bath, Body Scrub, Nice Masculine Cologne Scent for Men, by Saban Beauty https://www.amazon.com/dp/B074N9WRKZ/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_api_i_KFghCbRAFHJ9T
Does he drink?
Ah
so not often
ehhhhhhhh when he has the time to
Or else I’ll feel bad bc it’s Christmas + his birthday
Does he read
I have to top my gifts for my stepmom
I honestly don’t know what else to get my dad
I just feel like it’s more normalized in my family so he won’t take it that way
fair
If it was moisturizing only it'd be more OK
so idk maybe my dad will want it
How to passively say "you're ugly"
I say go for it
It’s pretty normal for the women in my family to use them
Getting my dad anti-wrinkle + moisturizing set, yay or nay?
probably worth more than my life
in a hella bougie house
my step mom lives in National Harbor
yeah i guess
just searched it up
Maybe?
You mean the parts that are part of the greater DC Metro area?
at least the parts that I’ve been to (the parts closest to VA)
Maryland isn’t that bad
~~just like maryland~~
it’s v ugly what even
YOU'RE GIVING ME PTSD TAKE IT AWAY IT'S HORRIBLE THE MEMORIES OH GOOOOD
GAAAAH
but the state flag is awful
umaryland is farish away from Baltimore
I'm gonna be pretty sad if I don't get into a UC school, UT austin, or GT
maryland is cool. good seafood. lots of murder
Yeah, I've heard
but like maryland though
Except they're all northerners
UMaryland is good for computer science
Discount Virginia
Ew Maryland is like
ok now that's a bad scenario
or maryland
pshh
because then I'll have to go somewhere cold
I'll be sad if I dont get into ubc or sfu
applied to 5 so that's gonna be fun to see
yeah
uc schools are good
I didn't really have a first choice other than a good school
that's a possibility
Probably because deep down it wasn't your first choice
honestly I didn't really care that much when I got the rejection letter b/c I had high expectations of feeling horrible from seeing other people, then it didn't happen so I kinda just thought whatever
He will
it’s ok you’re gonna get into a great college
aw rip :(
didn't work for me
ed did come out
That's when most schools release their acceptance announcements for early decisions
January
No
Did early decision decisions come out?
wait JOE
welp I'm about to die this break from college apps so that's gonna be fun
I thought I got out of school last week.
I can't
No
And we’re still in school
Can you guys believe there’s 5 days until Christmas
No
hi
ew
HET
I guess my only two moods are talking about society and being French

I misspelled “hey”
wow i didnt know danger was the former first lady
yeah that's good
michelle 69
michelle
danger or should I say uh
hahah
I do not like that
no
Or should I say Bridgette
you are mistaken
Lunar knows his shit on this subject trust him
No
Because making porn below the age of 18 is child pornography
yes
i know
no hes right
No they still have to be 18
trust me
Ummm
it's actually legal to look at porn before you're 18, the people in the video just have to be the same age as you. for some reason it's hard to find porn like that though
also after 18 years of patiently waiting I can finally look at porn so that's a plus
All ages felt pretty much the same pre high school
that seems like a tradeoff
so its more or less balanced
18 is a toss up because on the one hand I can put my actual birthdate into websites but on the other hand I could get sent to war against my will at any time
mood
i dnt think i made a single good decision from ages 11-13
15 + 16 were pretty mediocre, nothing too special
thats just middle school and i agree
I want to forget the ages 12-14 existed
depending on when your birthday was
7th and 8th yeah
Okay yeah 13 was gay
Wait that was 7th grade wasn't it
Idr 13
Have you ever considered that's just because you're gay <:KappaPride:343906003810648076>
13-15 was big gay, 16 has been pretty alright so far but still kinda gay
13 was unspeakable for just about everyone i think
14 was ass
16 was great >:(
cant wait until i am 38 and halfway to death
16 was awful
am 16, it's average
<:sed:512053765965086721>
or was
16 is great
tbh any kind of throat singing is pretty rad
the only good genre of music is tuvan throat singing smh
conroy u seem like the type to listen to Sabaton
And it's beautiful
No it's about a 15 year old
songs about teenagers are sucky. The only true music genre is early 20th century German military marches
booo
or sometimes 17
like every song about a teenager they're 16
Lullaby for You is still relatable and I believe it's about a 16 year old
I mean
who wants to sing about being 15 and 16, 15 and 16 suck balls
tf why are there songs about 15 and 16
songs about being 15 and 16 are still so much more relatable than 18
or like 15
okay but 18 feels old when you still feel like you're 16
Yall dumb
20 isnt even your prime tf
At least at 18 you haven't reached 1/4 or 1/5 of your lifespan yet
No, it's definitely 20 is when you're a foot in the grave
ur pretty much a foot in the grave when you turn 18
18 isn't that old
mood
i was listening to this two years ago and was like pshhhh 18 is so old
and like heck
And a Halsey song just mentioned being 18
(I think it was an Alessia Cara song)
Yesterday, I listened to a song talking about wanting to stay 17 forever
I keep forgetting that I'm so old
Holy heck
so yea yeet
and I'm so addicted to the project I'm working on rn
is it
It's a great time though
uh huh
okay but now im getting bribed to do it without pay
didn't you always live there
so i guess i live here now
My teacher gave me some brownies, a sugar cookie, a munchkin, and four slices of pizza
I have so many projects I have to work on and now I'm stacked on food
Also, I guess I just live in my Design class now
EPIC cyber mac
Casual thoughts

They're more energy and water efficient
Weird
First image on Google Images for washing machine

Okay, I thought those existed bc I used to have one, but that got replaced and I had to question myself
what happened?
well?
I mean I can answer what happens, there was a case where a kid climbed in three to five years ago and ran himself
Fitting myself into a washing machine and seeing what happens is one of my life goals, you people are cowards
I'll take your word for it
Never used one so idk
@Instantramen_ @Peacheon she could definitely fit in a front loading washer
Yes it is
Idk man there's so many dumb ways to die
Hey I played that game
Isn't that one of the Dumb Ways to Die?
I’m not into it; it just popped into my head.
I was gonna go sleep but then you showed up being all weird
But y’all need to get some sleep
I was doing homework and then I was watching YouTube videos
I’m awake because I randomly woke up half an hour ago
Also, why the heck are you guys awake
Whatever you're into man
Sorry to ruin your weird asphyxiation fantasies I guess
stop ruining my fantastical situation gosh
that looks like a dryer
Okay, fine, a large washing machine
A dryer, sure
What about the sticky up thing in the middle?
I definitely could what are you talking about
It’s asthma
I don't think you could fit in a washing machine
So I guess I imagined myself suffocating more ?
thats probably not good
I can barely breathe rn
I genuinely don’t know
peachy what the fuck
and now I can’t get the thought out of my head
I just imagined putting myself through the washing machine
I think I scare myself the most
Remember though. All buildings matter.
weekend update
he’s on snl
Great stand-up comedian we watched in our Leadership class today
https://youtu.be/EITJ5mFV2CY
https://bit.ly/2V1yMLg $1 Sonic bundle
Aw
Oh
i was answering 
>whats Mirage
No, what is nasty
feelsbad
was pretty hype, but turned out to have a lotta issues and then it was shut down
Was made by the same people who made Chivalry
Mirage Arcane Warfare
What is
@RequiemOfTheSoul daz nasty
@pi what's Mirage
Poor salt. Being left out of the memory
Man, that brings back bittersweet sour memories.
You kiss, your faces clashing in glorious conquest
Ah I see
It's pre alpha sex
>pre alpha 
>magic/fantasy
>based off another game 
Im having Mirage flashbacks, I cant have my heart broken again
smooch
What's that
Ok but neither is face battling
Bc it's not just pewpew
@Instantramen_ this one looks cool tho
Same
Unfortunately I've yet to play that
No it wasn't
The best one was face battle
We all know Minecraft hunger games was the best one anyways
Aren't there enough battle Royales?
https://playspellbreak.com

Battle royale, but it's magic/fantasy instead of guns. Looks cool & you can sign up for pre-alpha testing
<:angrypaper:513515487951585301>
Lol nice job Pride
Yw
thanks @Cemetables
@pi see above
@RequiemOfTheSoul i meant to react to your message & I deleted it
o shit
since y’all blocked me I had to do this :/
@Skrimiche @pi Hey, MU was recently hacked so you should probably change your passwords to your main acc and hydra account
FUCK YEA
GRITTY
I’d disown my dad for Poko
(sidenote after seeing this picture I can't support philly anymore)
https://twitter.com/poko/status/987763964128837633?lang=en
do you want ur dad to become poko?
if anyone’s looking for a movie to watch, fences is a good movie
What colour fish is most dad-appropriate
actually
im v hyped
I just asked my dad his shoe size
Someone took the time to make those and thought it was a perfectly normal idea
I'd disown ~~my daughter~~ anyone who bought those
He likes fishing ??
for a Christmas/birthday gift
Do you think my dad will disown me if i get him these https://www.amazon.com/dp/B076WM9C7J/
Dickens era insult
But it's an insult
Will post momentarily when I'm not with fam
What’s that?
There's a third definition
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Snood_(headgear)
according to wikipedia, THIS is a snood:
according to google this is a snood

a thneed is something that everyone needs
no that's a thneed
my first thought was "aint that the sweaters from the lorax"
What in the world is a snood
Oh yikes
I’m busy dying already and I’ve only taken one
<:squinkyface:496200395715248128>
die
imagine having finals
i've lost track of time already
i think
finals week was so two weeks ago
Finals week was so last week
welcome to finals week enjoy your stay
All knowing doesn't necessarily mean always remembering
Well see, arguably you are omniscient, you just forget at this particular moment on whether you are or not
So I might be omniscient but I don't know so I'm not
technically
i guess
If solipsism is correct in that you and your perceptions are all that exist, does that make you omniscient?
No problem
thanks all y'all for the help!
alright cool
My mom was fond of telling me to hammer it into their heads until you think they get the point, and then do it some more because they go through so much paperwork that they rapidly forget things
Yeah if anything you bolster things by reminding them that "Hey this happened and I did it"
slong as u dont like.. make the same metaphors
nah
I'm kinda in a hard spot rn because one of my other essays is also about self improvement (but more about improving like my own happiness and stuff) so idk if that would be like overdoing it or something?
that's a really good idea
Make it a self improvement and leadership spiel
That for sure
You could talk about being proud of some lifestyle and personality changes you made from middle school to now
as long as u spice it up
i can see the club leadership going into that well
well i mean
oh no
Oh
which is a lot to put in a single page
btw the whole prompt is "Tell us about who you are. How would your family, friends, and/or members of your community describe you? If possible, please include something about yourself that you are most proud of and why."
Ah, yes
I only have 250 words which makes it really hard
I'll definitely have to consider those
Oh and Robin
Repetition is also OK so if yo bring back the two interesting things briefly it won't hurt
And obviously leadership
@Instantramen_ you could try writing about our friend groups bad dynamic back in early high school and how you overcame that?
And probably has aspects of teamwork that aren't readily apparent
It's something you've sustained for a long time
That would be something to bring up then
7 years counting middle school and yeah
/are you an officer?
How long have you done anime club?
@Instantramen_ that's perfectly valid, you can also bring other stuff into it, try and think about how you write code, like pieces of a puzzle, or blocks being stacked together
Metaphors are usually OK as long as you don't ovwrdo
think of another thing?
uhhhhhhhhhhhh
its the nerd version of the torn acl
I wrote about the only two interesting things in my life in the other two essays for the school
or more!
yeah robin hate to say it but theres probably 25 people sayin tht
I mean there’s also just exaggeration
yeah I think I might talk about how videogames got me into programming even tho that's probably a super overdone topic
But don't overnerd on it
the last time I tried to make up a story for an essay I got like a c lmao
eh the only thing I can say about that is that you might not be able to produce an essay that you genuinely feel attached to (I guess)
Video games are allowed as topics
What do you enjoy doing
Yeah but generally you can come up with reality first
obviously you dont. forge your transcript
like if youre up against a wall no ones gonna factcheck whether or not you play the cello or youve been to paris lol
oh
you could make up a story about cooking w/ ur mom
Erica means small lies like life experiences
thats transcripts, also different
someone lied about their grades and got exposed when they were graduating
not in college apps and not like for personal details
There's a high school that just got busted for having their kids lie
I am literally the worst liar you will ever meet
they do lmaooo
they really dont
????? Bruh
Read the news
They do
ever
its not like they check
It comes back at you
Never lie in the professional world
No
alternatively (not that isnt good advice) but you could also like lie if you have to
I had a friend who wrote about cooking with his mom, and related it to chemistry (his major)
^although I don’t have experience with college apps whatsoever, this is really good advice
I think I still have it
And that's probably the best advice I can give, I can look for my essay tonight if you want to look at it
Make little facts of your life big
I talked about how Piano was a creative and relaxing outlet, and brought up the story of perseverance that it taught me
For instance, when I applied to Virginia Tech, I brought up my personal experiences with playing with legos, and how they were one of the factors which led me to want to invent and build things, as well as how inspiring Disney was for me
I'm generally someone who is bad at those, mostly because when I have to boast about myself I become more verbose, trying to avoid that

But my best advice is, relate your life story to your major you're applying for
@RequiemOfTheSoul mabye?
does anyone with experience in college apps have tips on the how to write the "tell us about yourself" essays?
Oh fuck fish, I'll kick a fish's ass anyday, even an alien fish, but the deep blue is what scares me.
Fish creep me out
Or even if you don't sometimes but it's so good
Oh yeah if you have thalassophobia it's basically a horror game
~~Secretly terrified of water.~~
Although you do need a decent PC to run it well
Oh wow
Get Subnautica free if you can, one of the best games I've ever played personally
https://www.pcgamesn.com/discord-store-revenue-split?amp&__twitter_impression=true
Til Dec 27
Subnautica free for a limited time
https://www.epicgames.com/store/en-US/
Stolen game cant you read
what
https://youtu.be/RI8eVjInSSc
sorry "species"
they are the superior species we have nothing on them
I own 4 and every day is a battleground
you are a fool to mistake them as friends
birds are powerful
god angela dont be so dense theyre informing you abt a real and very important issue here!!!
"birds"
Why is it hung up in our school
Who made this
I don’t understand

Pff
Idk why but this reminded me of you @pi
now I do not know whether I was then a man dreaming I was a table, or whether I am now a table, dreaming I am a man.
Scrolling through youtube comments and found this gem

Thank you skrim :)
<:gamerpachi:496207824771088387>
Belated "go to hell" for those that forgot :P
Belated thank you for the happy birthdays
Squeeeeed.
<:squidwave:496224418184429578>
what hath mankind wrought
it's gone too far
finish us off
finish it
you started this
nevew*
never
can i leave
hewwo
hewwwo
owo welcome

i love you mito and mark xx
👉 😎 👉
Thanks y’all 👉🏻
who
RIP Roger 😭😭😭🙏
also I’m danger100ish 😎
big bird to the boys 😎
birth good
Feliz birth
🎂
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MYITO AND MARK
@Mito and @Willful Alpaca (Mark) HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!! 🎉
hello LOOSHY
HELLO
Think about it though
I fail to see the connection but ima go with yes
Oh is that why they always land on their feet
THE ULTIMATE TORTURE
Cats are actually liquid so it wouldnt work
~~also like lowkey racist ??~~
EXACTLY
It sounds awful
HOW BRILLIANT IS IT
REPLACE ALL CAT DOORS WITH THEM
That sounds highkey awful
IT WILL BE ONE DAY
Is that a thing
Huh?
BRILLIANT IDEA
CHINESE CAT TRAP
and messing that up somehow seems not good
like i know cats at least use whiskers to gauge whether or not they can crawl out of a tight space and not get stuck because the whiskers match the width of their body
either way whiskers are like navigational tools to the animal and probably best if not cut
idk if that makes a difference
dogs not cats*
i thought it was just like hair
we do it for grooming
but idk why someone would purposefully cut whiskers unless some medical condition
oh well thats good at least
but it can disorient them afterwards for a while
it doesnt actually hurt them
according to the first 5 sources i found
so yeah
animal whiskers arent hair theyre special keratin fibers with a TON of nerve endings
cutting animal whiskers is painful?
they would have to be pretty skilled
their country might be falling apart but my god are their eyebrow snipers on top of their game
and sniping them off with an elite Venezuelan task force
Or like pinching them*
Well, even touching them hurt
there's a difference between pulling it out and just snipping it
humans dont. have wh. what
are we talking about human whiskers
wait what
well pulling them out would hurt
and it was v painful trying to pull it out
Well, I had “whiskers” once
hmmm
so maybe
I just figured the eye area is more sensitive
Well, I don't think cats would feel pain either, but I know that they use their whiskers as basically fingers, but on their face,so I imagine a cat would become very disoriented/scared if it lost its whiskers
Okay got it
omg
it would be like cutting your hair
nice one Tim
OHj
just odd
with a gun?
snipping
it's not painful
what the hell
And like I couldn’t imagine if it was painful or not
sniping them off?
why
but why
I just imagined snipping them off
what does that mean
okay good
don't believe so
not really???
like you don’t feel anything if you do something bad to them?
Eyelashes are not like whiskers right
reddit is social media tbh
sc a few years ago
I used to use tumblr and insta a lot
eh it's close enough
kinda don't consider reddit to be either
aight
same
I don't consider discord or skype to be social medias
Oh I forgot
Discord?
reddit
WeChat
WhatsApp
Google+
Tumblr
Facebook
Snapchat
Twitter
Instagram
Put an emoji next to the social networking site you use most
I mean same but still
^
I just use facebook to check club update stuff
people use insta bc they dont wanna know that their aunts a fucking racist they just wanna look at pictures of dogs and memes and kendall jenner
I only use Facebook to play games xDDDDD
you think people know that? :P
and the other stuff said
facebook has been becoming more cluttered
and objectively has a bad rep
Facebook owns Instagram tho
Facebook is so hard to navigate
Which just objectively has more features
and I already took pictures of the post btw
robins a russian bot confirmed
cause facebook has a bad rep
I still don't know why people would use it over Facebook
Pssh
yeah tons of people use instagram its one of the most influential social media platforms in the world
ehhh a lot of people use instagram
i honestly dont understand how instagram works i just understand how people work
Nobody even uses Instagram tho
youre in the minority then shrug
oops
but i post memes on the account with my real name
finstas where people post ugly pics and rants and memes for their friends
I'm not saying this has a giant impact or something, but I'm just saying I think this is a dumb thing for someone to do
rinsta is like. what comes up when u search your name and colleges and jobs would see this as your public profile
<:papersquid:496218778938507274>
real insta and fake insta
the heck is finsta and rinsta
again who cares those things last 24 hours and she probably wont save this
oh her rinsta
Not a spam
again, its not like its a lawsuit
It’s a main account
The school newspaper, I mean
who cares abt public image its a finsta
A social media page isn't a public forum
It might not affect the student body but we as an organization would
so what yknow
I think it worsens a person's public image when they vent about it in a completely public forum
people have anger, irrational or not, and she vented abt it in the way she could
Okay but there isn't anything wrong with doing it
dumb or not it doesnt even matter
one persons anger wont shake the foundations of the newspaper yknow its not like shes filing a class action lawsuit
which is why I think what this person did is dumb
yeah that's what's gonna happen
like honestly all that would happen is people come in tomorrow like "lmao did u see how heated she got she posted abt it on her finsta" and its old news by lunch who cares people go on with their lives
You could go up to the club in question to discuss with them
Where else would you go with it?
which is why I'd disagree with the person's actions
I'd say ranting on social media only serves to make the situation worse
nothings "necessary"
Do you think it was necessary to rant on social media though?
^
I mean yeah I don't agree with pretty much everything in the second half, but I could see getting mad at being denied the ability to right anonymously when others are (granted I don't know the real context behind it)
The funniest and most hypocritical part of it is that 2 years ago she tried to get into the school newspaper class and got rejected
I mean I feel like going on public rants about other people/clubs in your school is kinda just a trashy thing to do unless they did something heinous
Okay but she wrote like, a paragraph, not a whole essay
its High School (tm) as in the institution itself, not like...the relationships and stuff that happen
-Applying to college
no thats what im saying robin
-She’s a senior
yeah maybe but
Everything that happens in high school is "just highschool" yet it can still matter to individuals
but honestly her intentions are sooo clear
*its just high school* who cares
Which is spelled wrong as well
yes but “hierarchy” was an over exaggeration
I do understand being annoyed about the anonymity thing tho
also we already wrote about the pfac club but she’s insisting
Yeah the club bit is a little extra
the only school newspapers i ever kept around were the graduation editions and that was only for like half a day
I KNOW
also it's a bit of an overreaction to go on a rant just b/c your club wasn't in a school newspaper
Of any kind
Nobody rereads newspapers
yeah, once
people usually read it
its *just* a school newspaper do people even read those or do they just shove em in their lockers
its a school newspaper
but uh
normally im all for people being passionate abt the things they do esp if thats like making change and stuff
didn't know people cared that much about the school newspaper
Instagram
So this person posted on social media
Ok
^
Go for it
do you guys mind if I show pics
About what?
Someone like that went off on a rant on social media about the school newspaper (which I’m a part of)
Oh well
so any reason that you asked this question?
but I just tend to avoid them
eh like I've seen people like that
At least you don’t know of them
oof
i mean  probably
ah
people that get angry at everything
like me
she means blatantly homosexual
wdym by that
do you guys have very *expressive* people at your guys’ schools
Someone let me retire
im kind of just dying rn
I don’t have the homework done for all (three) of my academic classes today
todays just not your day huh
I also cut myself on some folders/binders in my backpack and a car door
rip
Great start to the day ;;; u ;;;
And i missed my bus ahHh
I spent 10 minutes looking for my glasses today, and they were under my pillow the whole time <:baldysquid:496224582743883777>
yay
Glad to see you back!
Thanks.
Welcome back !!
Oh hello

what did I just stumble upon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=27&v=Qu7mM2EBiIg
imagine actually sleeping at night
day implies 24 hours
thats every night
oh wait
like world sleeping night
if only we had something else for that
Or more of a world relaxation day
I'd actually like a world sleeping day
and its a huge problem
definitely a world sleeping day
not really bc people still have to work on voting day
Isnt that already a thing
ooh that’s so valid
a day off work so people can fuckin vote
December 8, 2018 — Question of the Day:
If you could create your own holiday, what would it be like?
@​here
oh boy
utilitarianism sucks but probably not for the reasons you think
~~whee utilitarianism~~
except that's boring and instead you should do as many ethics backflips as possible to arrive at a moral philosphy where Objectively Very Bad things are actually Very Good
ideally nobody would get addicted to drugs, but empirically banning drugs doesn't stop addictions, it clearly isn't the best solution
I think you should include empirical data in your philosophy to make sure that it aligns with the on the ground reality
anyway the argument of whether or not we should jail people for *probably* not harming anyone is absolutely a philosophical one and not one that can be decided strictly through empirical data
I refuse to wait on you for an entire sixty seconds
oh no
hey wait a minute
all philosophers are nihilists now
*A PHILOSOPHICAL POSITION*
oooooh you got me chief
*that sounds like NIHILISM*
kuumbayaaaa nothing fucking matters right
Namaste
maybe
hopefully
right
now I think we're somewhat good
Ah okay, makes sense
Oh I had pure intentions, dont worry about that. I just wanted to point out that particular tidbit was a bit flawed. Nothing more, apologies if it seemed like I was derailing the conversation, although i do like the current one quite well
usually the philosophical goal of an argument is to arrive at the truth and a bad faith argument will abandon that goal in favor of something external
What qualifies as a pure* intention
You attacked me for poiting out your bad analogy, because i was being too philosophical or something 

I simply pointed out that this entire conversation is so deeply rooted in philosophy that you cant just wave it off as if its nothing. By doing so youre just dismissing any justification for your argument, since that is, in fact, also philosophy.
an argument where the arguer doesn't have pure intentions
(What exactly does "bad faith argument" mean)
If we want to get back to how this started, However-the-fuck-I-should-say-their-name was referring to what they saw as consistent trends in human behavior 
They were referring to implied empirical evidence, so Pi deconstructing it to a broad ethical question could be construed as a bad faith argument given the context
Youre the one who turned it into a discussion about philosophy, so I followed suit
Which is what we were doing
because that's a separate meta topic
we can talk about matters that yeah INVOLVE philosophy without making it ABOUT philosophy
okay you can talk about different philosophies, but not about what constitutes a philosophy
imagine trying to talk about solutions to a political problem without talking about philosophy
Why not?
PHILOSOPHY
Yes I was pointing out your logical fallacy
ABOUT
TALKING
TO BE
MEANT
NOT
WERE STILL
When I bring up a viewpoint, I have justifications for it yes? I have certain reasons for believing that viewpoint is ethical? And so do you! So whats the difference between these viewpoints? Exactly! The justification behind them. To discuss anything, we need to share these viewpoints. And thats called philosophy.

You have this weird idea of philosophy as being just a bunch of undergrad white guys talking about shit that never gets done.
"people do this" "WELL PEOPLE DO WAR TOO" are u kidding
its not even a logical failing its also largely irrelevant
because you incorrectly dismissed pi's pointing out of a logical failing
TIL what stymie is
yeah. because i was trying to STYMIE this and i apparently FAILED
Sniped oof
(To be fair,  @fizzy lifting drinks you did kind of bring it up first - this sint a philosophy question this is A Fact Of Life)
here's how this tangent started try looping back here x
angela every other fucking word of mine is a swear its in my dna
But the topic should be about those points of views and not about whether or not the points of views are philosophy
Heyo, friendly reminder to keep things respectful and try not get angry at each other.  If you need to take a break, please do so !!!!!  And try to keep swearing *at each other* to a min pls
its meta vs nonmeta
okay but if you have a conversation about what kind of sandwiches are good, talking about what is or isn't food isn't really relavant despite sandwiches being food
because the point of the discussion is whether or not drug policy is bad or not, not going into the meta of drug policy
BECAYSE WERE TALKING ABOUT MISPRACTICES IN DRUG LAW THAT GET PEOPLE KILLED
Its my ethical point of view versus yours? PHILOSOPHY!
how??
NOT THE POINT OF THE DISCUSSION
SURE YES GREAT THATS TRUE
Any stance you have on drug use, is in fact, philosophy
beep beep

pi is right that every political position is ultimately a philosophical stance, and everyone else is indeed enormously misrepresenting the entire field of philosophy

everyone else is also right that linking every argument back to an incredibly broad ethical question comes across as bad faith
it's really not
ITS NOT
But it is
okay but when you have a conversation about drug use, talking about what is or is not philosophy isn't really relavant to the discussion is all they're trying to say
Several people are typing…
A TIME AND A PLACE FOR EVERYTHING
You have to take things to its philosophical root. To not do so is to make decisions without regard for truth, or the right decision
skrim i have never been calm in my life im as calm as i am eating a ham sandwich
taking things to their root sounds like a good idea actually
Calm down...
when i say "not everything is philosophy" its not saying "philosophy is only whats in this hypothetical box and it affects nothing else" its saying "**if you try to take every single fucking argument to its philosophical root you are distracting from the fucking POINT which is TERRIBLE debate practice**"
wowie
is this how people picture philosophy
"we shouldnt be taking a discussion on a real issue and blowing it up to the matter of LARGELY PHILOSOPHICAL QUESTIONS because NOTHING GETS ACCOMPLISHED THEN"

Are you accomplishing anything anyways? :P
Thats not how this works...
Thats.
"hey I killed 5 people and I think murder is right"
"Well thats a stance, and thats an interesting stance, but what is a stance"

vs.

"hey I killed 5 people and I think murder is right"
"You're going to jail"
pleasesayno
Are you calling philosophy just matters of opinion
Wait wait wait hold up
just like if you believe in global warming or not doesn't change the fact that it is true
because now we're arguing over what philosophy is and not what the fuck drug policy is
it is COUNTERPRODUCTIVE
okay but saying that people keep using drugs after they are illegal isn't a matter of opinion, and thus philosophy, it is a measured fact is what they're trying to say
we shouldnt be taking a discussion on a real issue and blowing it up to the matter of LARGELY PHILOSOPHICAL QUESTIONS because NOTHING GETS ACCOMPLISHED THEN
How isnt it the point? Isnt your stance on drug issues, LITERALLY THE POINT?
What do you mean in practice and not in theory??

Politics literally IS PHILOSOPHY
okay sure thats true but what we're saying is thats not the point
okay
Every single stance toward drug issues

Is literally fucking philosophy
maybe it literally is, yknow, in practice and not in theory, and your semantics are distracting from the point
of the very real issue of what drug policy does
Like
At all
Philosophy is....
Thats not what
because that's besides the point
and it doesn't matter
philosophy is literally just a way of viewing life its not a literal stone cold fact
You believing that it is better to have marijuana be legal, is in fact, an ethical stance
Id disagree.
Its very relevant and productive.
You seem to be very confused on what philosophy is. Philosophy isnt inaction and pondering.
which is massively fucking disrespectful
trying to tie everything back into a philosophical question on whatever isnt neither relevant or productive and  im not saying that youre doing that but it really feels like youre defending the practice
oh dude are you the one high right now is that whats going Not Everything Is Fucking Philosophy 15500 dead in 2016 is not A Philosophy
Philosophy is the cornerstone of everything related to how a society should function, ethics and morals, lawmaking, etc
yeah you really did
Tf going on
Bruh I missed some shit
Talking about oranges and whether or not they have souls
Philosophy isnt just a bunch of gay Greeks sitting on rocks mate
***literally bro what the fuck are you talking about***
A death toll is very much philosophy. A giant portion of ethics just deals with death
everything is philosophy
a death toll isnt the same as philosophy
whether it be a plant or a painkiller or fucking turpentine
Facts of life is literally philosophy
people get high on whatever they can find
this sint a philosophy question this is A Fact Of Life
anyways the point is that the debate over whether or not things should be legal or not is counterproductive and harmful and irrelevant because people are always going to fucking do it
I'd be careful with that argument. Wars are as old as humanity too. Tradition doesnt equal quality
tim,
people are ALWAYS going to do whatever drugs they can find and they always have since the dawn of time
bad
which is
the only way to stop usage with legal enforcement is by doing  what the Philippines are doing which is killing the dealers and the users indiscriminately
and the guy who created that place talked about how their past (at the time) thanksgiving weekend they didnt have a single death, while a girl who shot up alone two blocks away died
yeah people get addicted whether drugs are legal or not, so I'd much rather they face their addictions in a safe way where they aren't threatened by jail or unsafe needles or lacing or drug deals or whatever, instead having the option to use in a safer, more regulated way
there are centers i think in like downtown toronto where they are designed specifically for addicts to get high under medical supervision with a well trained staff
Thats ridiculous
Oh yeah for sure, I disagree with completely screwing over someones life for making one "mistake"
honestly the WORST thing we can do for drugs and drug addicts (who, yknow, are just human beings who are sick) is do what the war on drugs did: crack down, imprison, and most of all cause fucking shame and fear
Youre misunderstanding by what i mean by contribution, probably due to my personal wording and partially due to the type of economic system thats in place.

When I mean "contribution" i dont simply mean "go to work, do shit, get paid", I mean the whole process of being a member of society.
just to clarify, you're suggesting that drug abuse is not victimless because it robs society of that individual's labor contribution? as well as negative effects to family/friends
politics and economics
in america every single drug movement has been about politics
victims and crimes and whatever
but its really not about fucking
well in general i disagree with the notion of measuring a person by their contribution to society
Another thing I should note is that there is no victimless crime. Dont think of drugs like that. Ideally (not saying we're at this point rn or anything), every person should owe to society contributions just as society owes to them their personal wellbeing. Allowing someone to become addicted to anything at all isnt a good thing. 

Im not saying that anything addictive should be banned, thats unrealistic and unreasonable, but that you shouldnt think of someone getting addicted to alcohol, or cigs, or weed, or anything as something just their choice. Not only will it lead to them losing part of their ability to contribute to society, it will also severely negatively imact them as a person and the people around them in ways you can only understand with first hand experience.
boop
https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/abs/10.1177/0022427898035004002
and wrt to the "just ban everything" approach that was batted around here, the D.A.R.E. campaign, famous for its zero-tolerance approach to drugs, actually caused more interest in drugs and increased addictions
better to allow it and regulate it lol
Again, lesser of two evils there yeah. Part of the reason I think it should just be allowed.
thc in cannabis has spiked in recent years because of that
that is very true
^^^^
also weed addiction is in part a function of it's being banned, as weed has become more and more potent since its harder to get larger amounts moved illegally
idfk
but i think(?) skrim did
yes
The lack of A is not the lack of B
I never said that though
i also disagree with the argument that it should be banned because some people dont need it
I would agree more or less. I just disagree whole heartedly with the argument of some people needing it therefore it should be allowed, or that people are going to get it anyway. 

Getting addicted to pot isnt something pretty. Youre delusional if you think being addicted to it and just wasting your life away, ""having fun"". It should be allowed as a lesser of two evils in my opinion, but dont think of it in such a way.
like. yknow, fucking herodotus
humans have been growing and recreationally using weed for centuries
yall know that weed was just banned so that the us government could demonize mexicans right
also banning drugs doesn't stop people from using them
whoop guess we're banning alcohol welcome to prohibition it went well last time right
banning something *relatively* low-risk because it *can* have negative outcomes and people use it for fun is not a precedent i'd like to set, personally
https://www.samhsa.gov/data/sites/default/files/NSDUHresults2012/NSDUHresults2012.pdf
oh look a source
most people who smoke marijuana dont even continue smoking marijuana
its not a gateway drug
false
Marijuana can sometimes be a gateway drug and lead people to just completely screwing their life over, so like its not completely unharmful.

What im trying to say here is that you can't use the argument of it being needed by some people to have it for free use. Thats shit. You know that most people using it are using it to get high for funsies. Everyone knows it. 

If you want to defend weed, then use actusl arguments for it.


That said, weed is 100% not completely harmless. Most people who use it just for fun are using it for escapist reasons, and the very act of being so reliant on something to the point of addiction is in and of itself not healthy. 

However, I do think its a bit of a necessary move to just allow it, since there would be worse outcomes if it was banned.
banning everything that's bad for people is an awful idea, as i'm sure you know
you have to have different regulations for different drugs
YOU CANT COMPARE FENTANYL AND CANNABIS YOU JUST CANT
so if you make a sweeping statement but it doesn't apply to something within it, we can debate you on that
TRYING TO TALK ABOUT DRUGS AS A WHOLE IS COMPARING APPLES AND ORANGES
dont ban everything
yes
do you have a better one?
okay so youre accepting that weed isnt that bad and your solution is ban everything?
marijuana is included in drugs as a whole though
NO ONE ELSE IS ON YOUR WAVELENGTH SKRIM
WE'VE BEEN OVER THIS LIKE THREE TIMES
EVERYTHING IM SAYING APPLIES TO DRUGS AS A WHOLE NOT JUST MARIJUANA
RIGHT NOW
lol no fuck that dont imprison people for crimes that dont hurt anyone else
WE ARE SPECIFICALLY TALKING ABOUT WEED
RIGHT NOW WE ARE
YEAH WE ARE
okay but is it better for people who use the drugs to go to prison for it?
WE'RE NOT JUST TALKING ABOUT WEED
https://www.nbcnews.com/storyline/legal-pot/marijuana-safer-alcohol-tobacco-study-shows-n312876
once your brain is finished developed youre pretty much good
it seems you guys have absolutely no idea how terribly drugs can affect your life
in the vast majority of cases
and sending people to jail because they use it is terrible
thats more specific than no death
ah, no Documented Overdose death
weed doesn't ruin lives man
because people will get their hands on it either way
NOW there are risks to smoking weed but thats in relation to the developing brain
you should outlaw drugs that fucking ruin lives yes
okay thats just stupid because then we're feeding the black market an insane amount of money
link  @fizzy lifting drinks
should we outlaw everything unhealthy @Skrimiche
cigs shouldnt be legal either

yet we allow cigarettes and coffee
"there being no good reason to not allow it freely"
>addiction
other drugs like psychs for example are even safer physically and really arent addictive. Some drugs are pretty addictive like some drugs are more likely to cause  harm some drugs arent
i would bet substantial money that people have died in some manner from weed
death from cannabis is Literally Zero
you can have multiple reasons for supporting something
what lunar said
"literally zero" uh
^
I'm for it because some people need it,  as well as there being no good reason to not allow it freely
that is the argument
pi and skrim are talking drugs and everyone else is talking weed
literally zero
Exactly, which is why im saying im fine with marijuana being freely accessible, but not for the reason of
"Some people need it"
do you know how many people who have died from weed?
opiates are a serious crisis that have killed hundreds of thousands
weed is not the only drug
we're talking drugs
yeah what the fuck
hold the fuck on opiates aren't even in the same world as weed
when did i ever say alcohok was better
Some people need opiates, and speaking from personal experience, god dont let everyone have free access to opiates.
some people need it so everyone should have access to it because i Do Not trust our healthcare system to get it to all the people who need it uwu
like yall know it was justa political stunt right
people are gonna buy OTC weed for medical reasons
and you can buy that anywhere
i think everyone should have the right to make a decision for themselves and there should be plenty of access to help if something gets out of hand
alcohol is way worse for you
do you really think
do yall know why weed was made illegal in the first place bc it wasnt anything about health reasons at all
because
for prescription yeah
why not?
it shouldnt be like OTC
Yes thats what i meant
Not everyone should have it, but everyone should have access to it if they want/need it
^
Dont use the argument "some people need it, so everyone should have it" its dumb

Personally, I dont reslly see a problem with just weed, but that argument is shit
also lmao have you ever met someone who smokes weed they never stop
there are more drugs than just weed...
some drugs literally ward off addictive properties
like if its just weed usually people regulate it just fine
a lot of people do
no
Like
sure but a lot of people dont
that's why they're bad
Yes thats what im saying
people arent either or
a lot of people dont think they'll get addicted and then they do  @timfoolery
like this isnt mutually exclusive
"dont kid yourself" They Can Do Both Too Lel
also fun != escape
yeah but I don't think recreational use is bad, like again as long as you dont have a psychological dependency on it
okay but it's still a nontrivial amount of people
Most people just want to escape
Dont kid yourself
Chronic pains or psychological needs like relief for ptsd or whatever is not the majority of use for most pot smokers
Erica just injects herself with adrenaline
i would rather my kids do weed than spend money on overwatch
yes it is
no its not
that's different
oof rip antidepressants  then
now we're talking  @echks
hell yeah
weed can seriously help many chronic pains
i know a pothead with chronic (heh) pain she does both Fact Check
I prefer the pangalactic gargle blaster myself
the best drug is virtual lootboxes in a mediocre hero shooter
if you need drugs to be happy that's a crutch and an escape
is just blatantly false for a lot of people
the best drug is the rush you get when you fall out of a ten story window
man what the fuck @pi that
UhhHh
frying pan is like a nice buzz but I'd try for a toaster instead
that's terrible  @timfoolery
wtf
no
Lmao dont bullshit yourself a pothead isnt smoking for medical reasons its because he wants to get high
nah, I think if a drug makes you're life better whether spiritually or just enhancing experiences and its not interfering with your life its really not
the best drug is, of course, smashing yourself in the face with a frying pan at 2am
skrim's like a mom
like coffee
if you're using it for anything not then meh
marijuana is medical its also schedule 1 its a false category
if you're using it for medical reasons it's fine
some recreational drugs have medical value which are only now being studied
marijuana is a medical drug
what's the difference though
The idea of psychedelic drugs just doesn't seem appealing to me. I kind of like my brain the way it is. Also, there's all the side effects and stuff you have to worry about
whatever they're called
recreational drugs*
non medical drugs are bad
10/10 works every time do it kids
Clearly the way to go is not actually knowing how drugs work and accidently getting addicted to prescription pain killers
the massachusetts weed shop is like. a 10 minute drive from my house
drugs are just drugs. some are good for you and some are bad for you. the only way to find out is to try them all
if I get into canadian uni next year I'll be of age for drinks and weeds
imma have to delete that it's attacking my christian values
n o
im always sober laddie
Drugs are drugs
in conclusion dont do drugs theyre probably not good for you but hey it looks fun
No
drugs are bad <:angrypaper:513515487951585301>
Yes say just
just say yes
just say yes
is skrim sober
800
in conclusion: weed is better than alcohol and angela is a frail old woman
drugs are good
I prefer like a nice 80
the last time I went to a big party was at a party full of people a year older than me, from a different town, so I only knew the host so I just followed him around the whole time
y'all talking about drinking and drugs, im mildly concerned
Hey im not that old
peachy's like a hundred years old

peachy is very old
I like parties if I like the people

*Some* youths
im younger than you
Some youths such as myself say it
Being at a large party sounds terrible if it's just a bunch of random people I barely know from school
ive never heard that before
psychedelics ppft just do what all the broke depressed people do which is take 15 dph at once and hallucinate spiders for the next 8 hours
I agree
hip hap is a great phrase okay
ive tried psychs and it was pretty amazing but like again each perosn is different
big oof
I say it
oh yea i highkey wanna try some sort of psychadelics in a group when im the older
hip and happening
angela if you say hip hap youre not going to
Hip hap?
Fuck that i want to cry and play video games until 2am
the what
but just being in any different state of mind with other people you're comfortable with like you can get pretty close and like can be positive experience
lowkey want to go to one before high school ends but i don’t know the hip hap ever
amen
Parties are just a myth
I don't even know 50% of a people
The absolute drunkard
> getting invited to parties
lmao nerds
Drinking
you're an alcoholic
A party where ~50%+ people are drink
yes it does
Oh that doesn’t count
Exposed
vanilla extract has alcohol in it
I have ???
angela you've been to a party with drinking
yeah but like making friends and having a bonding sess is different
being drunk sounds unpleasant
MAYBE SO
Im like 8 i just grab whatever i find to make me feel nice you people are drunkards
Mmmm i think i have an alright time making friends when im sober, but I’ve never been to a party so idk
The adults told me it was wine or something and I was like this just tastes like juice, yum.
if you cant make at least one cocktail by heart you have failed as a drinker and a social creature
Squad goals
but also with other people its kinda like a bonding experience if you like them enough and you can get closer as friends
But Overwatch is only good with alcohol
Alex is such a bab awh
Grape juice
~~like Overwatch~~
well Good For You
The only alcohol I've ever had is grape juice
Oh, I have other distractions for that
dont do alcohol kids. one alcohol and you die
^^^
your other problems
yknow
give yourself a problem other than
to feel good
i dont really see the point of it
yeah
Especially in the middle of a school day 🤔
boo
meh
especially on prom night
alcohol is always good any time
alcohol is only good in a social setting
tOo OLD
Ok grandma
youre not even old enough to drink it legally
my back breaks y’know
im getting too old for alcohol my bones can’t handle it
kids these days, getting involved with alcoholism,
Okay fair
Because I wanted to?
Why?
You said when
What
When we were talking
Lock me up m8
i spent all of april 2017 drunk off my ass on cheap rum I Deserve This Title
Also, when ???
You belong behind bars you rascal
or a very sad one
Why?
sounds like a decent night
Yeah tonight
What a madman, someone stop him
Tonight ??
Not to top you @Instantramen_ but I had two beers and a shot of whiskey tonight call me mr alcohol from now on
I ordered a berry parfait at a restaurant and it was soaked in rum
its just an expensive shot
It was a dare and was p dumb yeah
I now want to try it
CHERYL SHOULDNT DO THAT EITHER
T r I g G e R e D
Cheryl had to
I didn’t
DRINK THAT
ANGELA YOU DONT
Okay it was a dare that our friend had to do
You can have the title robin
What the hell
I mean
Vanilla extract isnt supposed to be drank you fools
It’s fucking vanilla extract what are you expecting
hey hold on I'm mr alcohol here angela
I’ve heard vanilla extract is godawful
A pro alcoholic?
not to brag or anything but im a pro
Well, can't go wrong with good ole Vanilla...
the best drinks are like 14% max alcohol and it goes downhill from there
A young alcoholic
wow
And honey wine from an Ethiopian restaurant, which just tasted like watered down honey
look at you buddy
Weird flex but ok
wrow
not to brag or anything but I had a small glass of wine at Shabbat dinner
I’ve only had a couple sips of awful fruity beer
yeah
its a trashy burn not a pool water burn
yeah and they were all mistakes
o have you all had experience with alcohol
see i dont see the chlorine part
yeah
I mean
Sometimes
specifically cheap
Is This Correct
i have a friend who claims that cheap vodka tastes like chlorine pool water
Rum raisin icecream is okay but youre crazy if you think its the best haagen dazs flavor
HEY those who have had experience with alcohol please respond babies dont interact
although most high alcohol beverages dont taste good
rum RAISIN ice cream is heavenly :')
rum tastes bad
rum tastes like the sadness of an alcoholic whose wife left him but he considers himself too high brow for beer
rum tastes like an unfulfilled pirate
it does tho
the haagen dazs one is good
rum does taste bad
idk what rum raisin ice cream you're eating
Saying rum tastes bad smh
which is impressive
yeah! it manages to taste WORSE
it doeSNT taSTE LIKE RUM
What does rum taste like
Hmmm
Okay but I’m trying to think of how bad it is
in vanilla yep
angela you have to try it
and its like. i dont want boozy old grapes in my fucking ice cream
raisins are good! but theyre soaked in booze
its ruined by the shitty raisins
Because the flavour of the base is v important
In vanilla?
the two dichotomies
it fucking sucks
it's actually very good
its raisins soaked in rum and then put in ice cream
by far the best haagen dazs flavor

-Pope John
I’ve never had it o:
its like "hey what if we take a raisin and make it BAD"
What is rum raisin
i am distresssed
awful
NO
rum raisin is delicious
okay but rum raisin sucks
Any fruit
Coffee
Mint chocolate chip
cmv
all of the best flavors are a variation of vanilla
vanilla or cookies n' cream
i want some
That sounds like a weird combination
gimme
Never tried it with strawberry
Oooh
Yeah ive had tiramisu gelato before, its fantastic
heya elx join the call
It is
STRAWBERRY IS MY FAVORITE
Tiramisu ice cream sounds delicious
Sounds wack
Strawberry tiramisu? That combination works?
Mango icecream is real good
When I was in italy they had strawberry tiramisu ice cream and it was really good
fruit flavors go: Mango > Black Raspberry > Strawberry < other stuff probably
That’s no longer a coffee
Moose tracks and rocky road are good choices
Thats even worse
My coffee is like 80% milk and sugar
Strawberry but also like moose track is like up there
I can’t drink straight up coffee
Coffee icecream is an unholy abomination how dare you
rocky road or moose tracks or cookie dough or anything similar
no
when it’s sugary
no
coffee is yum
coffee 🤢
Ooh wait coffee oreo is good too
Mint chocolate chip
Strawberry ice cream is so good
mint chocolate, saffron, neapolitan
I’m stuck between oreo/cookies n cream + mint chocolate chip
neapolitan if that counts
im a fool
cookie dough
no wait
cookies n cream
Mango obviously

December 7, 2018 — Question of the Day:
What is your favourite ice cream flavor?
@​here
I’m sorry what
can that be pinned
never delete this
You know, if you really think about it, a sadist is just a masochist who follows the golden rule
i guess I cant say for certain that Im not a fish having some crazy delusions
dude are u sure u dont live in the ocean RIGHT NOW
we are too imperfect to understand his telepathic thoughts
I just realized that I am classified as a sea dweller, and i'm not sure how I feel about that
What use does it provide to someone who’s perfect? Is that not just stooping to the level of the non-perfect beings?
lies have their uses
Then why use it at all?
maybe hes reached peak humanity bc hes realized that language is a lie
No u
was that a sentence
???
If tim was a perfect human being he would use the right form of “you’re” though
🤔
wow angela I cant believe your finally on my side
Guess this is what angela believes in
The facts don’t lie
WHAT
good idea angela
Hello i am angela and i just want to clarify that tim is the superior being. Let us worship the perfect human(tim) like a god
yum
those are some crispy legs
peachy-chan
It’s a subgroup of FBLA here
We have deca too
Oh yeah it’s the same as fbla basically
Yeah
Fbla?
Do you guys have uhhhh
What do they do
Yeah
At school?
The club?
Never heard of it
all Boston kiddos: do you guys have deca
more like subscribe to t series
yes
why
Could you make an @ everyone to subscribe to pewdiepie? @Peacheon
yike
that's a rip to comp csgo
excuse me
https://www.polygon.com/battle-royale/2018/12/6/18129571/csgo-battle-royale-mode-danger-zone-free
lmao
I'd avoid playing comp for a while then....
neat
https://store.steampowered.com/app/730/CounterStrike_Global_Offensive/ CSGO is apparently free, don't know for how long
good thing im in a family of 5
it only works once
obese tiem
https://fox2now.com/2018/12/04/burger-king-is-offering-1-cent-whoppers-at-mcdonalds/
of course your top is Anarchy
dammit thaum
I think $100 a year for 800 hrs of music is with it
oof i use pandora
you casual
Jesus only 7k minutes here you people are crazy
P O P

I only have 32,295
fuck i suck
43 509 minutes
get fucked
Damn you listened to like 20 more minutes than me @echks

god this is an eyesore to look at who picked these colors

except the top songs i was 100% sure bulletproof heart would be the top
this is fully unsurprising

woo
its that time of year everyone
https://spotifywrapped.com/
oh
and there’s just void
just disappeared
My lip balm

It's also a place you can go in renowned explorers
it's supposed to be some mystical and lost tibetan paradise I think
ooo:
I woke up with the phrase “Shangri-La” stuck in my head and I don’t even know what it means ??
All the time
Do you guys ever wake up with phrases stuck in your head?

I dont like it


wow what a centrist
am I late

please go eat like a chocolate croissant or something
no i gotta agree yall nerds
there's a difference between a colloquially selfless action and a philisophically selfless action
like what's a good example
If you do accept that premise, then it follows that there is always the *potential* for a course of action that goes against those community bonds but maximizes happiness, and that said course of action would be taken if it clearly presented itself.
fuck you donger69
I think it's still an important framework to operate within when making assertions about morality and human behavior.
yall nerds
That argument is silly and it really isnt that revolutionary imo

Its like saying youre bringing up new info by declaring that a square has 4 sides. Yes fuckin of course every action has your own happiness as a goal. Why would anyone make a decision to make themselves intentionally in all shapes and forms? 

Its that sense of community that some people have, to feel happy when others are happy, and feel otherwise and others are sad. Sure, you can call that selfish because ultimately the goal of actions are personal happiness, but its silly to put it on the same level of stereotypically "selfish" actions.
Which I would ultimately dimiss as instances of illogical behavior rather than something that overrides our selfish nature
Well that's getting into an entirely different region of analysis which could bring up more apparent contradictions
which I don't think counts as their own decision
it could also be an evolutionary reflex
Right.
Whether there is such a thing as a "fate worse than death," I question. But that's what the person believes in the moment.
it's just their own compass guiding their decisions, and that makes it selfish
obviously they think that it would be a worse fate for them to be alive and for the other to be dead
but it throws some tension into the thesis at first
I do think there's an explanation for it
I completely agree, but what of examples where people will sacrifice their own life for someone else?
Selfless means that you care about the other person, and this seems plausible on the surface level. For example, why do people donate to charity? Why are people nice to each other? Obviously they must care about other people, right? Well, not really. If you look closer, you can see that all of these actions are personally motivated. It's literally impossible for a person to do something based on the desires of another, because the only thing that person will ever experience is their own perception of reality. Everyone is really just living in solitude when you think about it. This being the case, we can show that all motives are selfishly based, because there really is nothing except for the self that can be known to exist. It is impossible to care about someone else in a way that allows their own desires to take precedence over your own, because ultimately, everyone is aiming for their own happiness and they can only judge the goodness of actions based on how good it makes them feel. Hence the concept of altruism makes no sense at all because there is no way for anyone to escape the fact that the only thing which they can ever act on are their own motives.
but that's important too so
Now the problem might be people operating from slightly different definitions of selfishness
ah
that's what society is built on, really
you're simply prioritizing both
Oh yeah people can take actions that benefit other people more than themselves for selfish reasons
I wouldn't consider that selfish because selfish means prioritizing yourself over others
because that's technically selfish too. it's just that other people are also benefiting from it
Yes
especially applicable when seeing other people happy makes you happy
right
you can do something that everyone else considers selfless, but the reason you did that could be to increase your personal happiness
spork
that changes things then
also I agree with that
Ah
im saying an action =/= a motive
*more*
And I would argue that an action being not "100%" purely selfless makes it not selfless at all
I'd argue that selflessness exists, just not in a 100% "pure" form
even though sometimes that's not a tangible benefit since we're irrational beings
Even if it puts us at an immediate disadvantage, there's still some percieved benefit
If there wasn't *some* self-interest behind an action, then we wouldn't take that action.
selfless means concerning others more than yourself, not not concerning yourself at all
The idea of a selfless act just doesn't make sense to me
^^
I would agree that people can do what seems to be an act of altruism on the surface when they are actually only motivated by their own concerns, but then I would say that this means there is no such thing as a selfless act. If you only have selfish motives for doing something, then surely that thing cannot be a selfless act. Additionally, the only motives which exist are selfish because the only thing an individual can ever experience is their own perception of reality. Therefore, any reason they have for doing something stems from themselves and must therefore be selfish.
but not all the time
sometimes there are selfish underlying reasons for selfless acts
not necessarily
meaning it's not fully selfless
^^^
there's just selfish reasons for doing those actions at heart
no there is
very good take
there's no such thing as a selfless action
yeah
Also, morality is subjective, nothing can be known to be true with 100% certitude, and it's impossible to be selfless
I mean I didn't go that far, but I was like what's the point of suffering if I don't have to
And all the questions where it was like, "hey do you think fun is cool?" I was like heck yea, that's the only thing that really matters
yeah I thought it was like how those monks deprive themselves of anything that can be pleasureable
you believe that you should deprive yourself of all physical pleasure
if you're an ascetic
basically
it's the opposite of hedonism, which means to put pleasure first
What is asceticism
What?
But what do I know
She's not that kind of hippy afaik
it's just being sad
also wait what why is angela a hippie
Why would you ever want to be an ascetic
Yeah really

also, I'm suprised your ascetecism is so high
it asked a bunch of questions about the soul and whether consciousness was immaterial, and I was like, "that's all dumb"
nihilist gang
Alex is not a spiritual person at all
Really?
I was
expecting your materialism to be so high
t
I wasn

that's irrelevant
am i wrong
ok first of all how dare you
(i.e. "Morals are for losers")
Every time I take a test, I think "Oh Joe would definitely say this"
I feel like I could take the test for you at this point
Also Joe

I just rushed through them in a few minutes at the end of school
oof
I take forever ahh
> 74 questions
okay
> 13 minutes 
hahhh c""":

yeah, I either fully disagreed or fully agreed with most of the options
>joe
ooooooooooooo
he really doesn't do things with rendering pictures
you really dont do things by halves huh
shocking
Clearly these are quality results
centrist
móderate


i name this quiz anathema
this is rubbish, half of these are off by at least 20% one way or the other, and the questions were rubbish too

Honestly though overall my personal results don't strike me as particularly inaccurate
"Reason is more important than emotion" please they're the same thing half the time
which stop no bad
For instance it seems to view egoism as innately opposed to helping other people
i agree
Some of the questions are clearly making dumb assumptions about certain positions imo

I disagree with it
this is a biased test
neat

i forget to share mine but theyre p similar
nice
@fizzy lifting drinks
Near 60's-70's here. Never quite checked.
65-85 is optimal
I wish it was 80 degrees here
die
LOL
oh dear
dogs
thick-ass hair is the worst phrase because the misplacement of a hyphen really changes it
i cba to take 10 seconds to get my jacket from my room before taking my dogs out what makes you think im gonna put several minutes into managing hair
a towel is never enough for my thick-ass hair catch me with mop head until noon
I DON'T KNOW WHAT GIRLS DO IN ANY GIVEN SITUATION OKAY
I do know that it happened
you think *i* blow dry my hair?
Maybe I was in a hurry I don't know man
a towel should be enough
but
oh okay
no offense dear but i'm gorgeous
:(
I also use a towel and my hair is far more beautiful than lunar's
smh
You think guys use blow dryers or something
Hey I used a towel
you didn't dry it?
lmao
it's bad
A while ago my hair froze when I went outside after taking a shower
Yes
Echks do you *want* to be in 26f
100F i would boil
fuck you lunar
im cool
<:papersquid:496218778938507274>
26 here
My sis steps into like fuckin 100F and goes "ahhh its so nice and warm"
I live in a weird ass state but agree
amen
those who say otherwise live in weird ass states
60 is cool 80 is warm
<:angrypaper:513515487951585301>
fuck you
> warm
> 32
yall crazy
wtf thats *warm*
Still warmer than last week / the week before tho
Yeah Wednesday is gonna be a high of 32
to 32
this past week has been mostly 29
its so warm here rn
Actually cool for once over here

86 LOL NICE
maybe if you guys didn't live in a shit state you would have nice cold weather :)))
really dying out here
brrr it’s so chilly here in Miami by the beach
please
Can we swap
this is the warmest its been in a while

what's the temperature for you
jesus christ i wish it was anywhere close to 86
EIGHTY SIIIIIIIIIIIIX
fuck
I love when it gets colder outside
I love the winter
> winter
Well, I find that there’s usually one or two weeks where everyone is coming down with something
its winter so yeah
Everyone is getting sick
Oh no D:
and i've just gotten sick
<:angrypaper:513515487951585301>
none down, four to go
zero
How many have you taken?
thank
Good luck !!!!
Oh yikes
i'm stuck in finals hell
How are y’all?
I feel like it’s been quiet these past few days
http://dichotomytests.com i know personality tests were a few days ago but this ones good
Thanks!
happy birthday
<:baldysquid:496224582743883777> thanks!
huh
Happy birthday from Cynthia's timezone
Happy birthday @Skrimiche !!!!!! ❤️
HAVE A GOOD BORFDAY
THANKS :D
HAPPY B-DAY! ~~totallynotlate~~
thanks! <:squidwave:496224418184429578>
happy birthday!
Thank youuuuu <333
<:greensquid:496212534596993024>
🎂 👏
Happy B-day
HAPPY BIRTHDAY SKYRIM
I LOVE YOU 💖💖💖💖💖
@Skrimiche HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Your first mistake was having a cat
Ahh went to bed early so I could get some much needed beauty sleep but at 7  am the cat decided that I would make a great floor to walk on and then kept bothering me until I wasn't sleepy anymore
oh yeah
And eat and stuff
Wait a sec for me to get my headphones
taht sexy little call down thee
I see
Oh
yes
Wait there's a call?
Also, I don't really feel stressed about the future
also alex dont you wanna join the call
i agree
It would be super cool if I actually get in now
hah what a bunch of nerds
nice
yeah now i've officially applied to a college and its like "oh god the future is coming ITS OCM ING  IAH D"
I see
yeah
didn't you apply to all the ucs or something
🤔
right on time
nice
aww yeaa

why yall so many conflicting ones
amy, daniel, and lydia : )
None of the above
Literally "This is Fine" Lydia is me
die i guess
what am i supposed to do if im all of them
except I cram the five minutes before the exam, not the night before
also luke
Luke
daniel and jane seem solid to me
im lydia
I’m Luke tbh
Tag yourself
What
must be jewish
angela does not wash her foreskin
Smh how unsanitary Angela
classic

I disagree
Ooookay, thanks for the reminder Mario.
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/468191549042458625/517740320201506827/image0.png
maybe so
grades dumb
grades
whats a transcript
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
What am i going to do with my life
Where am i going
I’m so indecisive
Transcript requests are due today ahhHh
the last words of mankind will be "what a loser"
I kind of thought they'd have more to say to less religious people than "you're a loser"
But like, earlier they were saying stuff about how peace is impossible without going against the faith and they were advocating for military struggle, and they said really harsh things about Israel
perspective is everything
but I guess just "loser" is good enough for them
maybe a phrase like "filthy nihilistic heathen"  or something
I was expecting harsher words from a terrorist organization but ok
this is in their official declaration of what they stand for and stuff
These are the words of Hamas, btw
I was doing history homework and came across this
it probably is C as well
but
it might pass the inflection point
I would just do all of them
Oh ?
except its kinda hard to tell at the end
C is
I mean
although
Concave down
because C isn’t like
It's definitely A and B, and it might be C but I'm not sure, but I think probably C too
isn't it all of them?
Wow
Wait so it’s just A and B then?

Hello
optimization is so hard uhgfgg
why would the eyes be below the mouth
then its either always happy or always sad
no you fool because what if the eyes also flip
and if it's sad it's negative
like, if it's smiling it's positive
oh, I think of it as smiles and sads
@cynthia
if its a correct facing cup, like water won't spill out its double derivative is greater than 0
like if its a cup upside down its double derivative is less than 0
oh for the second derivative just see where its concave up or concave down
once you do that though the rest of the problem is just algebra
yeah, it's annoying setting up the equations
I know what optimization is
oh wait
We're also doing related rates
optimization?
We’re doing optimization and related rates right now and I’m dying
rip
it's hard to tell if the f'' is negative at x = 3 or if it's zero
oh, well, the graph is kind of vague
or is it also an answer
What’s the difference between (2,3) and A and B
Like
because I don't want to explain to you stuff you already understand well
What part of the problem is it that you don't get
wait
yes
because the curve is starting to slow down and come back up
you can see that the slope is the most steep it's ever going to get
at x = -3 ish
for example
and you can see that in the graph
when the f'' changes sign from + to - or - to + it's called an inflection point
ok, so
yeah ;-;
the graph one?
Understand the problem
I still don’t freakin
physics : )
if f is position
yeah
f’ is velocity and f’’ is acc?
if I'm going down a hill and speeding up
yeah
like
another way to think about the second derivative is acceleration
a horizontal one
yeah
Second derivative of a parabola is a line
So
hmmm
so the f'' of the parabola f(x) =x^2 is positive
so the rate of change of its slope is positive
and then changes gradually to a positive slope
starts with a negative slope
a parabola
so like
it's the rate of change of the derivative
it's hard to tell
I don’t understand f’’
at x = 3
f''
but
well, yeah, f'(x) is less than 0
so e v e r y t h i n g?
But in (2,3) isn’t it also decreasing so f’(x) is less than 0
it's hard to tell from the graph
maybe C?
I guess A and B work
so
For x in the intervals (-4, -3) ish and (1, 3) ish
send help I’m getting tripped up by the second derivative

oh nice
It's some offbrand thing but it's blue switches and they loud as fuck
also what type of keys
what mechanical keyboard did you choose in the end
I got a new keyboard and it's so goddamn clicky I love it
https://preview.redd.it/53n9ct4k5w021.jpg?auto=webp&s=544de9ebbc5a66766910619b973131e6f036e864
https://twitter.com/Nickelodeon/status/1067471668363313152?s=20
that cursed image is the greatest thing I've ever seen
@timfoolery why are you awake right now it's very late
what the heck
oh um
I can’t look away though ??
for making that cursed image
to strangle ryan
I’m going
i admire your constitution for not immediately succumbing to panic upon gazing on that cursed image
So much
THANKS I HATE IT
........just....mildly eerie..

I opened a folder I found laying deep under my bed and opened it and I dont think I've ever felt a fear greater than I did in that moment
Question of the day...
**HALBERD**
MAXIMUM VERSATILITY!
Just the magic power to be able to say “no you” and they murder themselves
its the uh. old wand logic puzzle except not really
oh wait no magical weapon would be puppeteering their body so that they fight each other
The spectators
thats still a joke. the answer is always going to be knife and or gun
yeah i "might" not but they DEFINITELY dont so who wins here
But I’m a gladiator arena you may not have 3 days
@NotJoe would fight with his bare hands
i can wait 3 days
nah im good
Wouldn’t you want something faster?
itd be funny
i think thats the ideal
"""magical""" weapon is just giving everyone the black plague somehow
Melee? Long ass stick
The classic
Obviously a sword and shield
o h the qotd
Like melee, magical, ranged, etc.
Well, it was supposed to be melee weapons only, but we can say what we'd want for each category ?
no
>:(
melee only
fuck yes
or if we're allowing magical stuff, give me a bow + dual sword combo like what Pit has
that's what i had in mind yeah  @fizzy lifting drinks
sword + dagger is usually used with sword for grappling and dagger for actually pokeypokeying someone
and not say, dual wielding for some reason
the knife is backup?
so like
Idk i read a thing a few months ago on it and it said something like that
i think you're supposed to use the sword at range? and then knife if you disarm them or get close
like i assume a onehanded sword to free up the knife but that throws u off balance and angela are u talking abt that music video Again
ah
yeah but skrim how would u use in fight
https://youtu.be/UOxkGD8qRB4
@Instantramen_ we literally just watched them in Club today :P
im not gonna specify what kinds of each because i have no knowledge on weapons i just think that combo is cool
sword & dagger @ qotd
K/DA?
ew
IM SO HYPED
THAT ANIME BOSTON WILL HAVE HELLA K/DA COSPLAY THIS YEAR
I JUST REALIZED
im sorry what
its beautiful....

May I change my answer to the brass knuckles pistol knife, aka the apache pistol
fair
might as well play to my strengths
im not good with anything else
a knife would be pretty shit in a gladiator fight though
I want a butter knife
if i had to pick a knife (and u kno i would) the austrian feldmesser 81
300 iq......
also alex it's a matter of principle
hello I'd like a 1000 degree knife as my weapon
A hydrogen bomb would kill you too
i take it back
just fists
actually
yes
only rage
no tactics
no shield
Melee weapon only
sword and shield, historically the best shit
also if its melee only there is no such thing as a weapon of choice
if we were chosing any weapons clearly the best weapon would be a hydrogen bomb
god you are running with like a 200 iq rn
Melee weapons* only, sorry pal
good
yes
i would choose a giant fucking tank so i could trample my enemies
fantastic hey malcolm if you were in a gladiator fight whats your weapon of choice
cool
Yes it is the one you're thinking of
and not some fake malcolm
i is Malcolm
as I don't know any other ones
i'm assuming it's the malcolm I'm thinking of
thats me
No, I'm not :P
ohhhhhh
YOURE JOKES
Malcolm
oh who
He goes to our school :P
it is not the best part of any football match is yelling at the other side for being a bunch of terrible carding bastards
Welcome
whomst
Hello !!!

and watching them score goals
Cheering on a team is the best part
y'all fuckin sadists jfc
you're so wrong
like how soccer players fake injuries
I agree clearly the injury parts of sports are the real interesting parts
I do
be glad were not throwing the christians to the lions like the good ol days
boooo
i mean while yes it does, do you actually care abt anything other than the fight in hockey
Eh, it’s too gruesome for me
I feel like those objectives are so boring though
That's what the government wants you to think
Okay but hockey has an objective other than fight! fight! fight!
so boxing's better than other sports for me
I like seeing two people fight to see who's the strongest
Yea it's called hockey @Peacheon
I argue that that's more entertaining and thrilling than other sports
but those cool
it’s kind of awful
I don't know what they're called
Ohh those
You’re just watching two people beat each other up
What are those curved blade things that protractors look like?
I like boxing more than other sports
do it
Honestly
honestly this is just telling me i should take up boxing
but again, not a boxer
actually i always liked the bc41
ooh
Didn’t/don’t see the point of it
nah i mean my actual life skills align more closely with bladework
I never really liked boxing as a sport
uh hello I watched a few rocky movies clearly i'm ready to box
I'm gonna go with halberd
Oh same
the one wii sport i bombed at
you’re basically a pro
I'm playing to win here
Well, if you play Wii boxing
beginners schmeginners
and it's effective
I mean I'd choose a spear probably b/c it's the most beginner friendly melee weapon
however considering that i am not a boxer, it seems like a shitty choice
one of those two
i have always had a soft spot for the cestus
I want a katana
Can I use a crossbow
or a giant ass trident
i still go with a whip
Sure, but you can't cut a bagle with a gun, unlike a 200$ genji sword which is my choice
^
yeah its more interesting w melee only
we talkin roman gladiators?
I was thinking melee weapons only
depends the period of the gladiator fight
You can now
can you have a gun in a gladiator fight
Uhhh
gun as well
oh we got guns up in here?
tommy gun
gun
whip
November 26 — Question of the Day:
If you were a gladiator, what would be your weapon of choice?
@​here


even more suffering
look forward to 2019
I'm going to miss it
2018 has been a fun year
I was interested but now I wonder why I bothered
u up
oh
This doesn’t even equal 100% I’m **triggered**
Got a link to it? I already have a fair idea but why not?
~~and my girlfriend is more masculine than me~~
get flexed on
i'm also more masculine than you
i have to kill you now
oh
wait i'm more feminine than echks
<:richthonk:423678784911310868>
skrim and i are exactly the same % feminine
Are we still talking about these
tide pods are literally the only thing you can think of
like we were jacked into the matrix but just that one year
We just went from 2016 to 2018
we had tide pods at least
2017 never happened
2017 feels like a fake year in retrospect
also hes cancelled be he gave patronage to the president of venezuela
like what
we had a fair amount of memes this year
salt bae was barely noticable
and spongebob
like salt bae
like in 2017 there were so many memes that defined the year
tide pods was january
its been real long
its been long
what about it
weird
does anyone else think that 2018 was like
also 27 yrs old feels so old for me
oof
I've been here for a very long time w h o a
oof I can't believe i'm going to reach my peak age in 10 or so years
o nice
imo
pretty much
Octopodes = Flannel Fam
Also Cynthia was in Squid Squad 1 then
flannel fam was a lot smaller
i can't remember what the difference was
so this is squid squad 3
flannel fam was separate
octopodes I think is squid squad 2 in my mind
and Flannel Fam ????
Because we also had Octopodes too ?
^yea there were two?
Uhhhh which one is which ?
i have no idea
cynthia were u in squid squad 1 or 2 on skype?
yeah thank god
I remember when squid squad was a skype server
~~which is kind of the point of it~~
psssh
is very different from old Squid Squad
but this Discord server
yeah
kind of
Oh
What really
well squid squad as a concept has existed for like 3.5 years
26 here
It feels old to me
28 yike
27 isnt that old
HAHA
I don't want to think about this
yikes ill be close to that
I'll be 30.
probably
so 10 seems most likely maybe?
yeah
we should plan a meet up in advance
don't think it'll be easy for college students to travel those long distances
Even if it doesn't survive for that long
maybe 5?
10 years? everyone's gonna be so old
will discord survive for that long
or whatnot
we could have reunions
bc like
when was this server made
Wait
That would be hella fun :3
psh
Group hangout in 10 years, anyone?
thats like 40 people tho
That would be so fun  c :
^
hectic
You know how dope it would be for everyone on this server to meet irl
Oh
oh i can touch people but they cant touch me its a one way street
Like do you hug your friends
What about your friends? @fizzy lifting drinks
so it works
bc i dont want people focking touching me
Blessing how? o:
The only* teachers I hugged were in 3rd grade
its a blessing and a curse
D:
if someone touches me i shrivel and die
I kept hugging all my teachers when I was young, that quit bout....fourth grade?
so we gucci 👌
Also, young me didn't hug people
I don't know whether to laugh or feel bad omg
So I probably would have just toppled over
But it would be hard to run in inside out upside down pants
Young me didn't like hugs, so I probably would have either run away from you or throw something at you
for younger you
*huggies*
;;; n ;;;
Or 7
I was 6
So
I was in 2nd grade then
The smaller silent crying
//pats
Not the loud kind
; n ;
Well
Also, how old were you?
Yeah
Did you actually cry? D:
poor bab :"c
Mmmm, stomach would be me.
omg
And I remember distinctly a moment where I looked straight into her eyes and then looked away quickly and started to cry from shame
Do you not know how pants work?
That's such a you thing omg
What the heck
Hey kid
And then she was like
And it took half the day for my teacher to realize
One day in elementary school my pants and my shirt were both inside out and backwards
yeah
we absolutely know this
And shirts
^^^^^
we know
And sometimes I forget how pants work
Im probs boxy foxy
v Cute and cuddly
I'm probably pants boi
: P
You're right
Okay tag yourself then
xD
I have to tag myself
You can't tag me
Woah hey
I'm probably a combination between Boxy Foxy and Lorbnorb ?
@Xompop is absolutely Pants Boy !!
im boxy foxy and stomach boi
boxy foxy
I worked hard on this masterpiece
tag yourself


THATS NOT A PIG!!
how many times do i have to say
its just pig
no
Huh..
oh you're french?
its pig
French calendar, right ??
yeah
Today's date is pig?
just drop out while youre still ahead
so much
i actually hate junior year
im dying of junioritis
Absolutely
: )
junior year is like riding a bike except the tires are made of sharks and the path is on fire and you never learned to ride a bike
^^
Junior year is probs the worst
Still, this 3 months has been better than last year's 3 months
THATS the most healthy lifestyle.
it's only been three months
Hehe..
healthy ✅
bc i literally just don't think about college apps and just play games all day
Yeah, no, I feel like I haven't been that stressed this year
ahah
hAHA
~~Also, you can't be stressed/anxious/depressed if you don't think about your problems !!~~
lucky

but if you put one down in front of me rn i'd probably stare at it for a good lil bit
don't really have any interest in them rn (like i wouldn't buy one)
o:
I used to have one when I was younger
Mmmhmm, lava lamps are the shit.
Oh?
Doing alright, staring at a pair of lava lamps.
how are you?
I'm doing well  c :
Heller, how you doern?
'ello !!
Big ole goose egg.
so like no ?
Uhhh well this was asking about sex
a 3
so like
i think ?
nah I'm bisexual with hetero tendencies but panro with homo tendencies
inter sing
i thought youd be a 3 or 4
coming from you, ms "im so gay for all these league girls", im surprised
yea yeet
oh im dumb
say it out loud
?
Incher sting
incher sting

wild
PERSONALITY QUIZZES
tests
we took a buncha texts
not too much tho don't want things to get hot and heavy
wth is goin on
hypothetically. use your imagination
go with like. Who You *would*
but uh
the truth
What did y'all put for this ?
T-T
Who have you had sex with
uhhh what if you haven't

thsi make. yu
this make you
?
I got "this make you ."
yea yeet
haha I got casually feminine too
"Casually Feminine" i like that

IQ tests are bleh
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Which is a very isolated thing to measure that doesn't take into account many equally important factors
Which is like how fast your brain can solve abstract purely logical problems
It does measure something
Like honestly the entire validity of that type of intelligence classification has been very much called into question
It's not that reliable to set a maximum score
ehhh
isn't like 180 the max or smth
idrk not sure how iq works
i got 131
^ya same
I don't understand the colour test

I took a real iq test like 2 years ago so now I have no drive to take real ones and also iq is a flawed system of measurement
I took this test a long time ago
And those tests measure very specific traits that are indicative of very specific skills that don't really relate to what is actually socially recognizable as "smart"
am i retarded ?
yIkes
Like the complicated breakdowns and stuff
The paying is just for the minutia
ok
oh
As a raw number
you get it emailed to you
ofc not
i spent 12 minutes on that test
@LunarZeta did you pay for your score?!?!?
I'm not surprised at any of these

nice lunar
Cuddlesome is a good word im going to start using it

I'm taking the "Sexy 7" test now xD
anyways i got an overall score of 125 for that iqtest site
i'm gay i guess

let's see if i've got my results
noice what did you get
oh i took that one a while ago
https://iqtest.com/quiz/iq-test/
What exactly are the "types of knowledge" I guess ?

🤔

oh so um i took the gender role quiz that got posted a while ago

Which is probably why I got below average
I didn't really guess

yeah
lmaoo joe you basically got the same scores as me
tried guessing more than I should've probably

wtf was that test





https://openpsychometrics.org/tests/MGKT2/
then just play against a good ana
i cannot do the sleep

I clicked all the nature ones
I just found most of the pictures of women to be creepy as it felt like they were staring at the looker, but guess that makes the content preferences masculine
wow nice


fuck i met my online 99% doppelganger
this happened
and uh
for this one I chose whoever had lighter skin
I figured out how it works
it is!
I feel like that's a bad indicator
assign masculine to dominance and feminine to cooperation thats it
its the same face but in facegen theres a slider for masculine vs feminine
Because in all of there you're choosing a leader
masculine vs feminine
I guess
the face
Also, I'm wondering how they determine dominance + cooperation??
alex is, surprise, the ultra-conservative

ahahahaha
somehow I am the most dominant person
What does the bottom say?
lmao
um
xD
I just clicked randomly
um

guess im right-leaning now
huh

The woman should ??

abstract is much more interesting to look at imo
oh finally an abstract contender

just like share the job
for literally every question
both seem suitable to me
don't see why there aren't just multiple leaders
I

Also like idk
I'm having such a hard time with the face test  ; n ;
~~i disagree~~

Oh i put my art thingy in call chat but

I like linear drawings though <:papersquid:496218778938507274>

✌

raw score: 42.65


https://openpsychometrics.org/tests/VIQT/
INFP-T

this is such a narrow selection of art tho i can list like 5 paintings which involve "masculine" subjects that i would consider my personal favorites



tim send those tests


thats weird
like it's actively hard to focus on the other one

ok for some reason when I take this I usually end up choosing whichever one I look at first

yeah apparently I'm still ISFP
https://openpsychometrics.org/tests/APS/
i think i'm isfj or some shit
http://you.visualdna.com/quiz/whoami#/quiz
yeah
yeah fair
and I’m introverted as fuck
I get INTP on every other site
why do u think its wrong
oh worm im entp
Help I took the Myers-Briggs test on that site and I think they made a mistake I got ENTP
I should retake that, its been about a year
whats everyones mbti im curious
we should play geoguessr or something
anyone got any more tests
evidently
lunar its confirmed we're the same
uh
huh

conspiracy solved
yall are the same people
the *exact* same
those are literally the exact same results as me
your wrong
oh
yeah?

excuse me mojo
um
yall are SHEEP

the faces all looked the same
huh

YAY
IM THE OTHER WAY AROUND
WTF
MY RACE SCIENCE RESULTS PROVE THAT I'M A FUCKING COMMIE
OMG

omg
"Like most people, you prefer a Cooperative leader to handle internal matters.

Like most people, you prefer a Dominant leader to handle external threats.

Overall, your choice of leaders suggests that you are politically left-wing."
im done with life
ok
calm
***lies***
i always keep my chill
i think it means remaining sharp and calm
Idk I’m gonna put that one
how do you keep your head cold
idk but send that
What does this mean
oh my god it is
IM
THIS TEST IS FUCKING RACE SCIENCE
increased immortal nervousness
im pretty sure this is phrenology

oh
im crying this is actually so funny
oh
https://www.idrlabs.com/faces/test.php
ok
100
straight people 🤢
i am the 100% sexual orientation
lmfaoo
***100% SEXUAL ORIENTATION***
4 nut per year
96% restraint bless your soul
that's different cynthia
whoa
yeah im chill with polyamory but it was kinda confusing because its different from having an open relationship
i support this timeline

that was magical
each of them is echks in a different dress
polyamory cool
oh my god
yes
hey
:(
Lunar Has Eight Mistresses
ew polyamory
so it's kinda dumb in that way
even though you could still be exclusive within a poly relationship
I know polyamory stuff reduces relationship exclusivity
Lunar Has Been Caught
ctrl shift t
i accidentally closed the tab
send ur results cynthia
are you a Christian?
yes - restraint
no - fucking whore
instead of asking you more conditional questions
wtf
oh
I think that part is dumb because it just asks if you are like not willing to ever have sex like 4 times
I had 96% lmaooooo
exactly
i had 4%
excuse you
most people had 0% sexual restraint
i mean
hey you took it
accurate

zero fucking sexual restraint
😤
you're safe lunar
damn she monogamous

same
same
FUCK yes
I'm good cynthia
at least here
I ain't no centrist
true test
https://www.buzzfeed.com/raechilling/your-choice-in-breakfast-foods-will-reveal-whether-2x863?origin=nofil
yeah
joe you really go all or nothing huh
joe's fucking weird
because joe is weird
idk what you're talking about
^
why are joe's results always such weird outliers on these quizzes
can't believe all of you are cheaters tsk tsk

it says what everything means in the boxes below
ECHKS YOU DID IT
MY MAN
ECHKS
69% ATTRACTIVE
what the fuck

what does this Mean
I only got 5% gender orientation lmao


the other 55 is margo gru
apparently i only identify as 45% male
oh okay
it says below what everything means

what the fuck does any of this mean
who knows
what is this even testing

https://www.idrlabs.com/sexy-7/test.php
omg
THE SEXY SEVEN

undifferentiated
wait what does it make you alex
I'm more person than you
a whole-ass gender
alex IS a gender
same
alex you're more masculine than me and more feminine
who says gender is fake im 67% boy apparently



im freeeeee
you're an alien
o h
they didnt even give me a gender
that makes sense


I refuse to take a personality quiz that starts with my favorite color
😜 😜 😜

http://www.testcolor.com/personalitytest/personalitytest.php
wow

normal?

like
what does mild mean in terms of personality
oh
"mild" "tender"
chicken?
?
69
this quiz just thinks gender is chicken

I was thinking more along the lines of doing the work or going on a run but that works too

yeah like lie in my bed and let it take over me
you see whenever I feel remotely stressed I just gotta force myself to do something to make it go away
"mild" hey quiz im not a chicken wing order
the bi side
joyce your just 1 away from 3, join the dark side
my lack of stress means that I just never get anything done

how are you guys not stressed
damn
nice
this one will be bs but im Curious
https://www.idrlabs.com/gender/test.php
INCIDENTAL


who could have predicted this


yeah
also oof at my anxiety stress depression test
1. Yes
2. No
LMAO
🤔
wuhhh ohhh


what a surprise

wtf
yeah that checks ig

https://www.idrlabs.com/kinsey-scale/test.php
I'll try retaking it
alex i think yours broke
I think seeing if it correlates with like depression scores or something would be interesting but yeah I think it has its flaws as well but its still cool to me
I thought I would get at least some in some categories, but I guess not, which is weird because some of the things did apply to me
😜

for what it measures its good but whether or not its truly happiness is debatable
but it has replicability
I was thinking there are some problems with it as well
yeah
well it measures a completely different thing than mbti
it has less questions than even a meyers briggs
the self actualization test
Ihavent taken it yet
how come?
anxiety stress depression
whats a bad test?
I think it's a bad test
https://www.idrlabs.com/anxiety-stress-depression/test.php
the anxiety-stress-depression test lmao
Send
send that boi
Amazing
wait what test is that?
yiKes

I have a correlation for each one and its kinda interesting of what specific factors are more correlated
okay but alex look at the graphs
except you and angela
according to the graph
I think most of us are sad and evil
psh i had a below average self actualization score and I feel fine
today we find out that the majority of this discord group is not okay
what the heck that's super low
ireallydontwanttodomyphysicshomework
any more tests you need to graph
mkay
It’s pretty much accurate
wait but is that accurate since you said your thing wasnt working right
Do you need anything else

much sad
we sad
why is almost everyone here below the median?
thanks
yeah!
is this all you need? @timfoolery

its okay
yeah thats bad
oh uh
I keep sliding back to disagree when I mean to hit strongly disagree so my answers are screwed
100% executive

Ok
https://scottbarrykaufman.com/characteristics-of-self-actualization-scale/
here i'll send it
its right below the dark triad link
i can't find it
where is the self actualization test
and you too @Bugcat
@cynthia you did the triad but not self actualization thingy
because thats what im trying to graph
dark triad and self actualization
hey guys can you take both tests
https://www.idrlabs.com/career-role/test.php

https://www.idrlabs.com/dark-triad/test.php
https://scottbarrykaufman.com/characteristics-of-self-actualization-scale/
Let me take the test
tfw karma

Heyyy

This was hardly a scientific study though
Of course
yeah, the small sample size and the fact that we are an inherently biased group makes the results impossible to extrapolate onto people as a whole
But it is there sure
Very weak especially considering the small sample size
I think there is a slight downwards trend as people become more dark
yeah
theres a definite weak negative correlation
its a negative correlation
Not really seeing any patterns tbh



you're the outlier of every personality theory

the robin theory
thats my theory
oh yeah robin your an outlier to literally everything
oh yeah robin thats fine
Idk if it affected my results
I did take it literally first thing in the morning so
I thought it said .96% higher than the average person
maths
Shhhhh
its not average its very low
hmm
"Average"
"Higher than 0.96%"
you hate yourself
That's average isn't it

why is my self actualization so low
It's awful
@Bugcat and @NotJoe both use the Light theme

that's just me
well
it hurts my eyes
so then clearly not!
I don't like it
no, it's gross
do you use discord light
best thing ive read all day
I wonder if there's a correlation between darkness scores and how likely someone is to choose the discord light theme over the dark theme or vice versa


He should make this his voicemail  thingy
when joe dies because he drowned in a pool of money we have to vandalize his grave and graffiti those very words in hot pink every year
I feel like that's what is going to be written on Joe's tombstone
oh yeah
Yeah I'm p sure he says this all the time
this is something joe most likely actually said to me
thats what i said!
This made me think of Joe

so in that sense, I think that contentedness is more of a projection of future happiness
but happiness is more of the right now am I happy, are things good
contentedness is the absence of the feeling of "my life is going nowhere and I'm never going to be happy"
also guys please since it doesn't give exact numbers dont send  the other graphs
tims getting heated that youre not doing the dark triad angela
but yeah I get what you mean
well we're talking about the same thing




but contentment is like yeah i like my life
Happiness, for me, is like a temporary "hooray"
but yeah in this case its more like satisfied/content
because obviously not everyone is ecstatic all the time but a happy person is someone who is content with their life
Happiness is more of an active thing and contentment is more of a passive thing imo
I think happiness is the same as contentness
oh I dont
yeah I think its a more of a "happy people have this but not all people who have this are happy"
but more like contentness/satisfaction, which i think is p different ?
Also, I definitely wouldn't call the self-actualization thing as "happiness"
pssst angela do the dark triad ;;;))))




We wouldn't want to compare past angela's darkness with now angela's happiness
because self actualization might change with time or some funky stuff like that
maybe but for accurate data we should have current results
we did?
We did the dark triad thing a while ago
but yee
but with a sample size of 3000 or something it shows that older people are slightly more self actualized
That makes sense
but its only very slight
We have some biased sampling
actually there is a slight increase of self actualization as you age
But that could still be a factor
lol I doubt it
I bet old people are a lot happier
it could be age
I mean I have some theories as to why that is but it's a moot point
and by sadder I mean a lot less self-actualized
because our group is sadder than the population
oh no
yeah
but also our data is fucked
yeah that was also gonna be a thing
angela whats your dark triad
I think that could be interesting
wait, I want to see everyone's distributions for the self actuality thingy
Apparently I'm still lower than 50th percentile which is a big oof for everyone else who took it and got like sub-90
Not too surprised
Angela is the happiest person so far

haha sad boy

It does measure something with some degree of accuracy and that's what's needed here
But that's basically just an ethics/morality debate sooOo
I don't think the darkness scale is really measuring good vs bad anyway
Ah
yeah I will
like if you're a bad person you're unhappy but if you're a good person then  you're not necessarily happy
my idea is that its a one way street though
share it with me then
im graphing and everything
so perhaps not
I mean me and babbie have the highest scores so far and I'm slightly dark but babbie is super light
I am
I did
I ddi
we should make a spreadsheet
so I wanna see if there is a correlation between being a bad person and being a happy person
Okay that makes sense
Ok, so, it's basically a happy score
So it's not a scale of understanding yourself but traits that make people happy
and the higher the self-actualization the more likely you're a happuy person basically
Ohh
traits/indicators
oh I lost a bunch of points for purpose
and isolated the traits of what makes a person happy
some guy studied a bunch of happy people
essentially
what does self-actualization measure

Your total self-actualization score is 90

Self actualization score: 112


Self-Actualization Score: 91





oof
I only got 75
god damn

what parts of test results do you want
because I'm curious
I'm gonna put them on a spreadsheet and I wanna see if they correlate or not
and by this I mean both tests
if you can take this and send the results
hey guys
https://www.idrlabs.com/dark-triad/test.php
https://scottbarrykaufman.com/characteristics-of-self-actualization-scale/
Not even using a touchscreen smh
It's fine at first but my aim is slightly worse and after a while my fingers start to hurt from pressing down constantly
Eh, I got used to using them so it's probably not that bad for me
they're still far more inconvenient to use than an actual mouse
They're not that bad when you're not playing something like OW
Trackpads are the worst
also no Angela trackpads are terrible
two bad opinions in a row
trackpads are fine
Also alex heck you
It's illegal
THANK YOU fucking finally
What’s the problem with just eating some white rice?
oof
eating rice on its own is like trying to play a game with a trackpad. You can do it, but you're going to be sad the entire time
🤔
sorry I'm c phobic
youre all homophobic
pshhh
idk sometimes also yall need a lesson in how to spell erica and related names
^
It's the law
You have to eat rice with something
w/o anything in the same bite?
like erika are you still eating plain rice in the end
only like sticky rice tho
you have to have banana at least
no
I've done it before
but not like putting stuff in the rice itself
eating rice with other stuff is eh so eating rice on its own is terrible
as a bowl, even as a side
no but like
^^^^
its supposed to be eaten with other dishes
it's just so pathetic
YOU SEE RIKA
also no
I guess you can do it, but I'd feel bad for anyone who has to do it
RIGHT
its sad to just eat rice
sit the fuck down and let the people speak you fucking reprobate
i know your fucking opinion
eat it with something
shut up
no
question: is it perfectly valid to eat a bowl of plain white rice
~~Why are you grateful, not why was it a month ago?~~
Why is that?
A month ago?
Today I'm grateful that in Canada Thanksgiving was a month ago
Psh who even has nearby extended family
For me it’s 24 and then 1
omg SAME
the closest person to my age aside from my sister is 24
Do you have any extended family members around your age?
oh ripppp
I would've been happier to just stay home with my family instead of driving 5 hours out yesterday and having to drive 5+ hours back tomorrow
plus they don’t know what else to talk about so they only know to talk about school
also it's just generally really awkward because I don't know how to interact with any of them
usual for high school seniors
it’s only temporary
if i have to tell people my plans for after I graduate one more time...
o h
I would write a list of reasons but discord only allows 2000 characters per message
Why do y’all hate your families
OOF
I wish my immediate family lived in a different country 👌 😂 🔫
W h y
god i wish my extended family lived in a different country
eh at least you have extended family in the us
I have to be with my extended family it's the worst
and you eat (a little too much) :’)
like have all your relatives come over
catch up with your family typically
wtf do people do on thanksgiving
wh

https://www.twitch.tv/twitchpresents Pokemon anime marathon on Twitch rn
Joe to the world

still bougie tho
yeah that's pretty accurate
Trader Joe's is like the less bougie version of Whole Foods but still just as healthy
yeah I was expecting it to be a lot more
that sounds like an ok price to me
huh
so that's half a pound
I'd also disagree
it's not that expensive cheese wise
really?
trader joes in general
its kinda bougie
I think
I LOVE trader joes
that's not that bougie
oh
one log
or per lb
for the whole log?
it's $4 at Trader Joes apparently
your goat cheese is argyric
sounds good to me
oh it's goat cheese
it looks really weird though
that looks so good I want
yeah it looks good
food should not conjure images of the bubonic plague
the first time I saw it I was like I need to eat that right now
you guys are wack
its soaked into the cheeseflesh, infecting it with a saccharine blight
its not bumpy, its *purple*
it's just that it looks gross and lumpy
It's not about bumpy it is
also who cares how bumpy your cheese is???
you can buy it from trader joes
yeah it sounds* good but looks lumpy
if it's a combination b/w sweet and like cheddar cheese it sounds gross
Okay actually
if it's like cream cheese blueberry stuff it sounds great
im sure it tastes good but sight-wise
it looks diseased yall wild
It's like a moderate toughness
Oh, it looks v good o:
idk savory isn't really a word I use to describe anything so I dont really know what it means taste wise
is its texture like cream cheese
it's sweet because of the fruit
or is it a combination between savory and sweet
no
like ricotta/cream cheese?
yeah
Oh I LOVE THAT
is it sweet?
it's delicious

is it any good
that sounds unappealing to the eyes
no it's like a cheese covered in a jamlike thing
im not sure but the pointis theyre DISTINCT
i mean
theres blue cheese and BlueBerry cheese
I'm not sure
Maybe
blueberry?
I think my familys most unique thing (?) is that we always get this bougie blueberry cheese log and eat that with crackers in the hours before dinner
livin my best life. happy murder day
we have seltzer cans that look like beer cans
nice
I see
jello shots and shrimp cocktail
oh wait i just remembered what i had for thanksgiving thats unusual
which I think is pretty generic
we just do turkey, stuffing, mashed potato, sweet potato, cranberry sauce and greenbeans
I've never heard of mac and cheese for Thanksgiving
then does misc for whatever else there is
my family just does really basic stuff like turkey
heard of it tho
see exactly
^
never had thanksgiving mac n cheese
like mac and cheese or whatever
see thanksgivings so weird bc most people just think they eat yknow normal thanksgiving food and its hard to notice like regional differences
oh wow
The first time I tried to make turkey, my mom and I didn't know how to, so we started late and stayed up until 3 am trying to bake our turkey
I wasn't a big fan of anything we had for thanksgiving this year except the pies
Yeah same
TUYKEY
my family just makes turkey b/c why not
nice
my family tried making turkey once but no one liked it so hot pot is better
example

psh look at all these hot pot people
Yeah !
yum
hot pot too
Hot pot?
I had hot pot (again) and a pecan pie !!
Turkey mashed potatoes & stuffing
turkey
@​here o;
What did you eat for Thanksgiving? :3
Oh, an unofficial QOTD:
anyone know some good drones
I see
I can already imagine me on Sunday night regretting all the decisions I made over the weekend
so it's enough
It gives me enough days to finish my december 1st deadline stuff
not me
4's enough for me though
same
I have 4 wtf
4
5 day weekend?!
s u r e
psh it's barely anything cynthia
thankful for having friends, looking forward to this five day weekend yeet
Don’t you waste the battery on your computer
Also
what type of person has a game downloaded and actually plays it
pshhh
You should play fortnite one day
Joe ur always online on epic games
I've heard it tastes fine
I'll see
idk
I thought protein powder tasted bad
it's that good stuff
protein powder <:papersquid:496218778938507274>
LOL
i'm just looking forward to finally catching up to my college deadlines and getting some protein powder
im looking forward to this thanksgiving break, because i def need a break from school for a little bit
I love y'all !!
I'm also thankful for all of my friends and family  c :
Oop, thanks for catching that erica
Thankful for my friends & family <:greensquid:496212534596993024>
November 22, 2018 — Question of the Day:
What are you thankful for?  Alternatively, what are you looking forward to this week, month, etc.?  c :
@​here
https://www.humblebundle.com/store/outcast-second-contact
happy thanksgiving!!!!!
happy turkey day
yeah happy thanksgiving
Merry Thanksgiving everyone !!!!
Also
Yeah, it’s a good show but a little horrifying/graphic/shocking at times
:(
what the fuck? LOL

here I go
no
will it make me a psychopath
I found it pretty good
should I watch this?

rip
it was left of the dealer are the Big & Small Losers, not right
Oh, apparently we were playing Poker wrong
Ah
Same deal
Romaine lettuce, e. coli
This happened a few months ago
Again?
Damn, again?
https://www.cdc.gov/ecoli/2018/o157h7-11-18/index.html
hahah I have all my classes tomorrow for 35 min each
huh maybe i'll go
Little Theatre
what rm
huh
Uhhh somehow
diff. from asian culture club?
oh
It’s like a club
Yeah
~~and accompany me there bc i don’t know if anyone im friends with is there~~
there's multiple?
At least to the first meeting
You should still come !!!!
I have an E block free but i'm not that asian american identifying tbh
You just have to miss E-Block
You could probably come ??
nice
For all Asian American seniors
It’s a thing i got invited to
bless half days
what's asian american affinity group
so basically no classes?
i have all my classes but for like 15 minutes
oh lucky
Swim —> Leadership —> (Asian American Affinity Group meeting!!)
I have like no classes tmr
does anyone listen to 88rising
Also when do I get my fun fact of the day channel
and D:
And they love every moment of it
Alex that was an awful pun
it's seals
sometimes they get raped by walrus (i think it's walrus?)
nsfw fact about penguins
since the rankings began, your average pun score is a mere 4.6/10
You guys are bad judges
average score 2.5/10
2/10
3/10
because she probably liked the spain king
which one
Why
I wonder if the queen of spain was a masochist
no
*TOES*
Did someone say
oh no
For now
not more than the majority tho
you have more limbs than the mean person
huh
bc statistically there are people without limbs
when you think about it you have more limbs than the average person
More toes is more justice
~~t o e s~~ @E r i k
I dont
I kind of like how the global foot situation is currently
gotta invest in robotic limbs I guess
iirc for photosynthesis to work on a human, your photosynthesis would have to be multitudes more efficient than a plants
quick invest in wheelchairs
i barely slept PLEASE
LMAO
how will we walk
I MEANT FOOD
FUCK
skrim if there's a global foot shortage there'd be a whole new issue
global foot shortage...
could you taste anything? if a non-plant did it
photosynthesis
i wonder what it would feel like
I wouldn't have to worry about eating
we'll see who's laughing after a global foot shortage <:angrypaper:513515487951585301>
it would be so great
I wish I could photosynthesize
That's a good point
i told my middle school science class I'd eat the sun one day and they laughed at me
but energy required to move that water is not
but water is recyclable
its not a cows fault that as food moves through trophic levels it loses like 90% of its calories
what about lab grown meat
and stuff like that
I mean cattle are considered typically inefficient in water usage
what about other stuff
just skip all steps and eat the sun
oh yeah\
its... its grass
how much energy are we wasting
I wonder how much food a typical cow eats before we kill it and eat it
people could argue we have alternatives and we kill more than what we actually need
tbh like a lot of animals would eat us given the chance so what makes them any better
fuck peta
actually
ok
wow go off peta
*vegan ad*
animals are our equals, even better than us because of their innocence and ignorance. if you don't treat an animal with the upmost respect you're the worst kind of scum.
it bounces off their smooth non-fish skin
my libel means nothing to them
i will insult any member of the cetacea order as i please
fair enough but also theyre Animals
but in general includes the ones from now, and they're also the ones you think about since they're the ones who are alive therefore most relevant
fuck those ancestors. idiots
not their fault their ancestors didnt think that through
i never said today i mean in general
you cant blame the water mammals of today for that tho
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
they shouldntve messed up in the first place!
also that'd require many many many years of change to occur, and frankly i wouldnt want to change my lifestyle to something more inconvenient for me just so a distant relative a few centuries from now can live the good life
water mammals cannot eat their evolutionary cake and have it too
manatees are cool
no stop
ALL water mammals are kind of dumb! just stay in the water or get out!
manatees are better
Whales are neat
Dolphins are evil
I take back what I said
actually
dolphins are great
stupid animals evolve out of the water and go on land and develop lungs and then decide "hey, no, that was a mistake the water was better"
whales and dolphins are kinda dumb tho when you think about it
especially not like that
I don't want to die
How is that not cool
Whales could sit on you and you'd die
what can a whale do
and wikipedia
Like videogames
At least I can do cool stuff
^
some may say the same of us
and then they die
that's so boring
All they do all day is float around and hope food enters their ridiculously huge mouths
@Xompop excuse you, whales that eat plankton are the coolest whales around
Wait, I swear they also eat penguins
i guess its too cold for killer whales

when I looked it up it said mainly leopard seals
not the lame ones that just absorb plankton all day
killer whales
no
I thought it was whales that eat penguins for the most part
there we go
Ok I guess seals will eat Alex instead
yeah gotta watch out for those darn polar bears, the natural predator of penguins
penguins don't wear clothes
you'd get eaten by polar bears as a penguin
If I was going to be a house pet I would want to be a dog, because there are not many people who actively dislike dogs and many people really love dogs, so that would be fun. Other than being a dog, being a dolphin or a squirrel sounds fun, or maybe also some kind of bird, like a hawk maybe or a penguin.

stay warm
oh no
33 degrees and I forgot a jacket send help
PSA the grounds are FROSTY FINALLY
<:angrypaper:513515487951585301>
rich people bad
TIL CEOs are hyenas
Qotd: hyena. They're lazy as fuck, leech off other peoples work, and laugh all the time, so I wont even have to change my lifestyle
better than the reverse also im a bear therefore its not murder
Why would you want to kill humans what
and i was wrong its the black bear not the polar bear so i pick that
oh crows are super cool thats my new #3 answer
Crows are cool, you can't be ~~legally~~ killed as an eagle and people admire you, and housecats are cute
Crow, bald eagle, or a housecat
why
a pomeranian
only animal left that actively hunts humans and wins
its that or a polar bear
owo
ain't no fun
Eh, wouldn’t you want to live a life where there’s practically no danger?
an armadillo
choose something exotic
You’d get pet and fed
weakling
I mean it’d be a good life
it's not
no
That’s so valid
domestic housecat theyre so Spoiled
November 19, 2018 — Question of the Day:
If you died, and found yourself reincarnated as not a human, what would you hope to get?
@​here
I got what was happening immediately because ahah asian stereotypes woohoo
most of the comments I saw were calling out the guy on being racist
but then it was so stupid that i stopped after reading 5 comments about people making fun of asians
i just read the comments bc i didn't understand what was going on at first
wow weird flex robin but ok
I got what was happening pretty much immediately so idk
He's shit at being shitty
It took me 3 replays to figure out what was even happening
See but i understand dicks
bc racism is #funnie
to be a dick and get internet views
youtube pranks xD
"haha get pranked" at the end or smth wat
yeah i dont even get what he was trying to accomplish here like
and worse it's based on stereotypes
but it's just mean
ah
and is purposely trying to be rude in an attempt to be funny
oH
^
she's angry because he's making it up
I thought the guy was just making up the story about the guy next door
wat
Wait no
she's angry because whoever is next door (prob some kind of store owner/employee) told the dude to go next door to order (the lady's restaurant) a cat
yes but why is she angry at the guy next door and who even is the guy next door
which is stereotyped as something that people from china eat
he's trying to order a cat
lol
whats happening in the vid
wat
This makes me so sad :(
https://www.instagram.com/p/BqQeNmAFkIW/?utm_source=ig_web_button_share_sheet
pour pasta outta the spout
I could see that working
U was tired
No joke
QOTD: I was once hapf asleep in the morning and tried to cook pasta in a tea kettle
woohoo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zABG-oJzkJ0&t=1567s
PVRIS
This is hella hype
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LKAd4ksZisw
PVRIS IS FROM LOWELL, MASSACHUSETTS WHAAA
Idk I thought you guys might accidentally wake each other up
https://store.steampowered.com/app/959750/A_Book_of_Beasts_and_Buddies/
Yeah
guess so
did you delete the other one?
I can only see one channel
Yeah, why did you make a second channel what’s the point ?????
Why can't we put them all in one
It's more fun for when they wake up
we can't kick them so we put them somewhere
people fall asleep in calls
do yall sleep together
why do we have sleeping channels
Losing all that iron makes you see black (I think)
It's because you're losing iron super fast, which helps you to see
I think so ?
Kiiind of ?
Hmm wait but you blacked out though right?
But it was a different kind of stomache pain
Though, I’ve had a really bad period time one time while taking a long test and i could think straight and was also hot and cold
Oh i don’t think it was period cramps actually
it's sooooOOoo scary 'cause you can't see anything and you have to guess where things are :S
but it's because your body is losing blood so fast & not enough liquid is replenishing your body
yeah, it hasn't happened in a while
omg are you okay
I've gotten that 3 times at school
Good thing you were at someone's house lol
I don’t think so
No ?
Have you experienced it at all other than today?
Yup I know exactly what it feels like
How
Whaaat
Ik what you're talking about : ( I've experienced it a few times before
ANGELA
<:papersquid:496218778938507274>
nice
last time i passed out outside of sleepiness was 2nd grade
you all are so fragile wtf
huh
Since they trigger my brain and if they stimulate enough then everything else doesn't matter and my body shuts down

The former (@X), except like, I know I'm thinking and almost immediately realize after I resume what's going on

Although that may be me getting used to reading people from it
*them
do you just like have a blink in consciousness or do you think you're talking to then
It actually almost exclusively happens in convos, tbh
sometimes we think it's dehydration, sometimes it's my heart, sometimes it seems like a panic attack
I just didn't express it while in my head
Because *I* saw the logic
i have no idea why
It's normal, dw about it
It freaks people out a lot because I'll make logical jumps and not explain them
How do people pass out normally
Also Machine what the heck
also what a weeb
forgot about that
baka
you counted Tim's mom
ackhtually
No it’s 5
oh wait
So i sat on Joyce and Alex sat on Tim
it was 4 seats ackhtually Angela
Tbh I effectively pass out at random too during the day
I've been known to stop in the middle of conversations, stare off into space for five minutes in deep thought, and then resume the conversation five or ten miles down the road of where it was before
thats not safe
We tried to squeeze 7 people into 5 seats
hot
Also alex got heatstroke in a car while sitting on tim
its nbd i always wake up
Oh no
i pass out a lot
Alex can't get heatstroke
Echks why
It's winter
What
smh Tim's house is cursed
And Alex got heckin heatstroke for a second
thank god peachy isn't around me irl
also I have to say I was a legend as while I was still in that half conscious state I somehow said I was fine
Consciousness is not a necessary state to function in today's society
and hit your head on a door
psh
You hecking FAINTED
JoWo
***JOWO***
it was just fainting for a bit
Uhhhh
JOWO
psh
Listen i was so much more concerned for your thing jowo
Have you ever been hit on the head
Blackouts aren't exactly ever
Well
Good
as the symptoms sounded pretty serious
I'd recommend a doctor
Suffered for a bit and then took Tylenol
if it happens again
i wouldnt stress about it unless it became a frequent thing lol
Uhhh i think im fine now
Or wearing a fancy hat
I recommend seeing a doctor then
then i am O U T O F G U E S S E S
I drank a lot more than I normally do
well
Probably more than usual if anything
Lack of salts
Because that's the other hand of dehydration
Less than usual?
Uhhh a bit ?
True, how was your salt intake
bit odd but how much sodium have you had today
I was dying then
hm
no
No
ANJOELA
DO YOU SHIP IT THO
Uhhh not really
Would you say you were particularly stressed, comforting him?
Alternatively, on the exact opposite end of the scale of concern, maybe you have Lyme Disease!
Yeah i don’t think it’s that
@Peacheon those are symptoms of a migraine, it is *possible* you had a migraine without the headache part of it
Although unlikely, as stomach aches are incredibly rare with migraines, compared to literally any other symptom they cause
Uhhh comforting Joe after his thing
What were you doing as it started?
Uhhhhh idk
Was there any numbness?
High if anything
Definitely not low
And feeling hot and cold
I don't suppose you took your blood pressure at the time
And loss of vision
Just my stomache
Mu head didn’t hurt at all
Not dehydration bc I drank more than I normally did today
*headache
Any heada he?
My stomache was still in so much pain, so I rushed to the bathroom and locked the door (and I did that without my vision bc I vaguely knew where the bathroom was at Tim’s new house), locked the door, and then next thing I knew I was sitting on the floor, but I didn’t remember getting there
I'm just spitballing bc I get that relatively frequently
Dehydration?
And it was unbearable but i stood up and walked to the closet to grab something (a tampon) but after I reached my bag I lost my vision.  Like, it was completely black and I couldn’t see (it was like how you can’t see when you stand up too bad sometimes, except I didn’t have any of the dizziness)
an anxiety attack...?
I started feeling like a stomachache and was feeling really hot and cold and the same time
Idk what happened but it was after Joe’s thing
Uhhhhhh
@Peacheon don't leave us hanging D;
I'd never fainted before so it was a unique experience
oh
I blacked out and crashed into the door
and while tweezering them out
but for me I got a handful pricked of cactus
uh Angela's story is something she can probably tell well so I'll let her tell it
what happened?
yeah
(I’m def overexaggerating but it was bad ahah)
lmao
I was the other
Me being one of them
Welp two people nearly died today
That soup looks delicious
<:angrypaper:513515487951585301>
that's just a very saucy and Good thing to do
oh same
pierre the kind of guy to close kitchen drawers with his hips
Its the best comfort food ever
Chicken paprikash looks really good o:
Yep !
Is it for a party or smth?
O wow
Worst: tried to make carbonara, didnt render the eggs correctly, and on top of that burnt them, so it tasted like pasta with burnt egg
Best: Fish n chips or chicken paprikash, delicious every time I make em
It smells really good

Oo yum
Will do !!
Send pics when it's done! 👀
We’re making potato-leek soup
What're you making?
Oo
Cooking with Robin c:

I absolutely refuse
Angela, dab on my food 😤
Worst: macac juice, box mix brownies without oil (just the mix + water)
Best: 🍪, parm wings
oh
Yes
The holy Spirit till
so is it like a thick blanket?

No sheets go under the blanket
idk
isn't that just a bed sheet?
What does that mean
??
Its a blanket for the top of your bed but it’s not really a blanket
Ok people keep saying that word wtf is a comforter
I’m crYing it’s so beautiful
Guys look at this comforter
I'm imagining baby baby Alex visibly upset but being forced to make more and more cookies, unable to stop
lmaooo
I felt like a grandma in cookie clicker
Dear Lord
I was trying to only make like 20 and I ended up making over 100
but more cookies is BETTER!!!
One time I was making cookies but I accidentally used a tablespoon of baking soda instead of a teaspoon and so I had to correct for that by adding more of everything else to keep the ratios the same and I ended up making way too many cookies
didn’t Skrim also do that @echks
Also I don't cook that much so I don't really have an disasters aside from that time I burned my rice by accident
I've never actually meet 12yr old Angela, only 13
Oof
She refuses
no
I want 12 year old Angela to dab on *my* food
Bad for your health
Dabbing is bad
I would never
Never
The vanilla ruined the consistency of the frosting
mfw 12 y/o peachy dabs on your food
I read that as "dabbed a little bit on the cake"
It tasted and looked awful
Oh yikes
Dabbled a little bit on the cake once it was done
LOL
Making the frosting
In the cake
I was like “oh yeah, vanilla is super great everyone loves vanilla let me just dump a whole bunch of vanilla extract everywhere”
im sure ur dad was proud
lmaooo
But it tasted like crap
12-year old me ruined the cake and everyone had to pretend it was really good
Its so good
The worst thing I’ve ever made, and I still cringe over this, is a cake I tried to make for my dad on his birthday
Agrer
TBH I like that stuff more than "real" mac n cheese
Omg
There's like three steps and I fucked it up
It was one of those fuckin boxes with the cheese powder
It wasn't even like making mac n cheese
I’ve never made mac and cheese so this is funny to me
What else am I supposed to call it
“cheese milk”
How were they though?
Still tasted okay once I drained all the cheese milk
NICE
Nice
I misread "1/4 cups" as "4 cups"
Got to also try out my suit and pants which apparently are way too big for me now
Also that’s good !!!!
Did you accidentally drop the carton ???
It went nice enough
How
Oml
using 16 times as much milk as i was supposed to when making mac n cheese
November 17, 2018 — Question of the Day:
What’s your worst cooking failure?  Alternatively, what’s the best thing you’ve ever made?
@​here
Also
How did it go?
Nice !!
Just finished my college interview woo
Nice
Oh i just thought of a QotD
(One time the pan caught fire)
On a bad pancake day, I usually very nearly burn the house down
Today is a good pancake day
One of the only things I can sometimes make C^:

also finally more people who know of it
it was great
yessss
that reminds me of the jackie chan show
yoo
also what a great looking show
yeah it was a strange series
https://smile.amazon.com/Bruce-Chinese-Gods-Chih-Chang/dp/B01H47Y0P2/
There's just way too much going on what heck
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Enemy_(Higson_novel)
and what even
I just read the plot for it
oh yeah I also read a zombie series called the Enemy
But the Ocean angelaaa
Heck off
*The Ocean*
but it wasn't FOREST OF HANDS AND TEETh bad
it wasn't super great
that was okay
ohh rot and ruin
but yeah
Well, that one I had to put down
main zombie series I recall reading was rot and ruin
i'm surprised you were able to read through them
huh
idk the name of it, but I remember it was about this girl who was trying to find her daughter named Ruth
I think one of the first ones I read gave me nightmares for a week
I've read so many ahhH
huh you read a book about zombies?
it's about zoombie children
owo ??  i read the book but didn't know it was a movie too woah
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Girl_with_All_the_Gifts_(film)
The soundtrack is v good
Okay, so it was like a 2 out of 5
uh huh
Anyways, this thought startled me so much that I fell off my couch and now my elbow hurts
yeah try putting fish eyeballs to gastric acid
Like fish
Nono
point null
and then you wouldnt be able to see
There could be a protective casing
Not necessarily
the acid would burn the sclera and render them blind
I was closing my eyes and lying on my couch when I realized that the darkness is exactly what my stomach would look like
Alex no
no
Just close your eyes and imagine
And that''s why it's so dark
stop it
And when you close your eyes, your stomach eyes open
what the fuck
What
What if there are eyes in your stomach
Get you a man who will build you a greenhouse of roses ??
I just had a weird idea
Holy heck
I do
psh
Uhhh i think he means the show
I watched Avatar in theatres ages ago
oh boy
The movie is aesthetic but like the acting/script is kind of awful
I just got access to Amazon video and I've been meaning to rewatch it for years
I think Avatar is on that too
But we just got to Neil Patrick Harris
I really should
beastly sucked quit while youre ahead
They watch a lot more Amazon than I do
I thought so too my grandparents just said it was there when I asked them a minute ago
Isn’t Glow a Netflix original
Glow(maybe?)
The man in the high Castle, the expanse
Like what?
I don’t think I like the movie so far
It totally does
Uhhh not really
rip does amazon video even have any relevant shows
Hope it’s good
Watching Beastly rn
and it’s v limited bleh
Now that I no longer have Netflix, I’m using Amazon Video
the delays are only 2 hours
Or are you already there
So when do you have to go to school?
Yeah !!!
Still you guys got the delay :’)
It’s just barely drizzling rn
Awh
So now it’s all slushy
No, it was raining all of this morning
I heard central New York is having a blizzard
Is it still snowing out Angela?
^^^^^^^^^^^
That's what you get for living in a lame state
C A N T R E L A T E
Today is going to be super duper easy hype owo
And we don’t have the two classes that I had homework in
yea yeet 2 hour delay
No it's sneeting last I checked
Is it snowing in Virginia?
Well that's the tale they tell
It's another Harry's Bar
Someone spread the snow to the west coast please
What the heck I’m jealous
not in my courtroom buddy
youre going to question the letter of the law?
4/10 judging skill
Ok, I think your judging needs work
7/10
That's snow fair
hey i dont make the rules, i just enforce em
But it was my best pun
points off, alex
That's a technicality
Psshhh
5/10 points off for the misnowmer one being technically inaccurate theres no names involved
Because snow is actually very n ice
But that's a misnowmer
They say that it's snowtoriously bad
Some people say that snow is terrible
6/10
there's snowthing good about it
I like snow
I didn't notice
Wait it's snowing?
we need function
^
pretty only does so much
also I agree, if snow's not enough to cancel class it's useless
it’s pretty !!
its not enough to cancel class whats the POINT
Until ~2 am owo ?

So i couldn’t not hear it
Pshhhh that’s what people have been talking about all day
didn't even realize it was snowing
Snowo
ew

"squid squad is unfair! angela is in there! standing at the concession! plotting her oppression!"
#Bangela
DOWN WITH THE DICTATORSHIP
Join the club
I can't post in #atlantic-announcements anymore oof
Shhh only one person witnessed this
they do now
uh huh
Other people don’t have to know that
Listen
I mean you do talk to yourself a lot anyways
I thought i was talking to him  ; u ;
You kinda were
And it just looked like i was talking to myself
and it was not Adam
And then i looked up
So I started complaining about my crossword
And I thought that it was Adam bc he usually sits next to me
Someone in my homeroom sat next to me
AhhHHh
It’s the principle
Hey, you see them sometimes
Basically things you don’t see
Basically things you select from
3 species — limited skin colour + facial structures + hair colours + tattoos
Psh who even needs much of character designers in games
It’s not great
Oops didn’t see this message
also how good is the character designer thing
is it actually good
and are also too scared to enter a dark spooky cave
and you get kind of motion sick from it
when you spend a week downloading destiny 2
you know that feeling
And comfortable
its really pretty in its entirety
oh i love that mural
Because they are body length or more
They're called body pillows
Of pillow, yes
A thick pole
But it’s like
Yes there's research on the compressive strength of pillows
Pillows have a very high compressive strength, once they've finished deforming, so it'd be quite reasonable
Mmm
It’d be so soft
What if a pillar was made out of pillows

You can tell because Robin is clutching it from the right
No it's a pillow
It’s a pillar
It’s hidden in the corner, so no one really sees it
It looks like a large pillow

What one
Our school has a lot murals and this one is incredibly underrated
It's all at once though
Ah
Not counting weekends
5 days
How long is it?
So if that's 6 total that's more days than our February break
2 days
They're at the end of the grading periods. Teachers still have to go in case students come in for last-minute make-up work & to finish any grading
How many do you get after each term?
Days where kids are off but teachers aren't
What are student holidays?
^^^
Student holidays after the end of a quarter, & some other holidays like Labor Day & whatnot
We have half a week around Thanksgiving, less than 2 weeks for Christmas, a week in spring
No :(
you dont?
You guys have a Feb break?
I was not aware of this
Oh wow
Same
there was like one winter where they thought of just taking away feb break
esp i graduate anyway 👅
god i would love to have a winter of like 15 snow days again
Snow is only good if it closes school, otherwise it can screw off
Rip
admittedly its only a dusting
nope! its here already for us
I thought that wasn't coming until tomorrow
Oh wow
i dont like it
its snowing rn
Also in like 2 months this will be a warm day and I'm not ready for that either
It's so awful I'm dying
lucky bastards
Boston
The current weathers great
where do you all live
Low of 19 tonight aaaaaaa
This should be illegal
80 degrees in late november
fuck off florida
I'd take your 30-40 in a heartbeat
Temporarily
72 is so warm
Do you wanna swap
I’m freezing
*Florida*
Fucking
I hate you
It's 72 degrees right now
It's finally """"cold"""" in florida
It’s kind of just cold here

What is the weather like there?
I’m not quite sure what’s going on but I’m glad that you’re happy
Good night
Mhm
Everything isn't about me, then? How surprising
Ah
No

I was thinking like "I like the weather happy" and "I'm the top student in multiple classes" happy
That's usually a mood-enhancer
I mean you said something that you've likely needed to for a while in some form
Idk why but I'm in a really good mood
oi
agree
Joy
Sonic can't spindash cancel anymore tho
no
Is pacmans grab fixed
Just like nobody really likes sonic, he's so fast and does nothing
or uses smashes, for that matter
Which is why nobody likes duck hunt
duck hunt almost never kills with smashes
No but they're annoying is the point
they're not even good
Which means you can't poke past them and hit him
Literally all of his smash attacks are him shooting the ground adjacent to him
Clay pidgeon is pretty infrequent and fucking no one gets hit by wild gunman
Can combos
He has like
no
Yes, but everybody hates duck hunt because he's all Ranged attacks
Some japanese dude got some good shit done
Raito, was it?
I mean duct hunt got some good tournament results in the end of sm4sh's lifespan
Is Duck Hunt still a bad character who should die in a hole
Now here's a question
I'll stick with mid for now
Ridley will be mid to low tier by the time they're done with him
He doesn't suck but there's also nothing special there
Probably
Mid-tier
Ridley looks
Because that's his trademark move
DDD sucks *and* cucks
Didn't get anything new to help him out
DDD still sucks
Bowser's piss now because they took away his combo throw and didn't give him anything in return
SINCE SMASH 4
AN EXISTING CHARACTER
DK still good
UH
IKE'S ALWAYS BEEN
OY
Ike is actually good now
brawl doesnt count we dont talk about brawl
King K is gonna be fun
also we might finally get some viable heavies that don't get carried by grab kill confirms thank GOD
Brawl was *not* more balanced than its predecessors
as always, it's more balanced than the previous games
So that's entirely possible
Pretty sure they're trying to level the playing field as much as possible prior to release
now watch as sakurai releases a patch that dicks her frame data into the ground
i think she dropped from top to high tier but yea she still good
Isn't bayo still really good?
most of it is shiek-esque brokenness and not like, bayo or ICs
i'm liking the tier lists so far
easy top tier
pika was already pretty solid and all they did was buff him
regardless, like
Ssf2 is fun
> ssf2
In ssf2 pichu's dair spikes though
mfw smash is simple
Pikachu's dair has never spiked until now
too many moves
gah fighting games are complicated
it did not
It's just had a sweet spot
Pretty sure it always did
also pika dair spikes now for SOME REASON
Yeah but it's easily stoppable
it's a good-ass combo move
I dislike m2's nair
Ew
he has mewtwo nair now
I haven't been keeping up with smash stuff why does he look good
new nair is promising
Pikachu looks really really good from what I've seen
so yea kinda
i mean he's still just worse pikachu
Is pichu just going to be a joke character again?
esam keeps losing his shit over pikachu
mew2king's pichu gives me life
I LOVED HIM
pichuuuu
PICHU WAS THE EPITOME OF GLASS CANNON
Never played melee so ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Pikachu looks really good too
OH MY GOD I LOVED PICHU
YOU FORGOT PICHU
PICHU
PICHI
Everyone else is irrelevant
The only ones I care about are Pit and Pikachu
And really good projectiles
HELLO
DANGER
no wait
And young link has crazy arial drift
MACHINE
i loved twink link in melee so i'm real excited for this
Machine is a dad that is all thank you nice
And they have so little lag
But I looked at some gameplay footage
I like G&W, he's probably my favorite after Iceys
No
are you zero @Xompop
Send it
Send in other chat no balls
They look really good
im interested i swear
SEND
Not the master sword he ripped out of his chest
I'm really excited for roy and young link for smash ultimate
I typed out this whole thing on my attraction to people but i don't think it's relevant anymore so nvm
Sadly it's the bad sword
That's just for smash attacks
rip up smash
at least he has a sword now
Uhhh
In*
Except back air is some games
Yeah but you aren't hitting them
They aren't safe at all
He isn't very high up the tierlist though, if I recall so you do have some merit
His arials have too much landing lag
Also he's got quite good airials, you're just bad at him, Alex
Ganondorf is the ultimate WAIFU
😍
He's so slow
Ganon is lame in smash
you stop right there. that's no way to speak about ganon
Ganon is really just an evil ethereal pig lord
what other use is there
to hug me tightly of course
skrim no
i want you to use your triforce of power on me
ganon's much too bear for me
Massive agree
Also machine you are a good lad
oh fuck yes ganon
Oh crossouts dont work for emojis lame
no
The greatest WAIFU of all time, Peachy
I'm intelligent
~~only if their hair is straight 😭 ~~
OH THAT'S PI
I get that Pierre
my hair is naturally perfect yes
ah
it's just poof nice
Preference wise its pretty much the same
guys don't even need to do anything to their hair & shit
like just looking around
Gals ive never had sexual and romantic attraction separate, but for guys it has been separate upon occasion
Typically more gals than guys
but
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
girls are overall cuter bc they tend to actually put effort into looking good
okay im listening
guys are hellaer cute
THE GREATEST WAIFU OF ALL TIME
Gals are hella cute
ALRIGHT ANGELA, I HAVE AN ALTERNATIVE
guys are cuter
nah
Bc tbh girls > guys in appearance typically
the concept of having sexual attraction towards someone without also being romantically attracted to them first is weird
but not appearance
Physically = sexual attraction
but
oh?
That's not where my mind went
Yeah
romantic v. sexual attraction i think
Not for me
Oh
Nooo
Yah
physically is looks i assume
wdym by romantically vs physically?
mfw aro
That's me
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
guys physically, gals romantically
Hype
ew
Uuuh
Truth be told everything that isn't head and arms is neck
straight person coming through
Same here
Ohhh mood
Where is the neck?
never consistent
i have preferences but they swing
ECHKS AGREE
HE'S HUMANOID FROM THE NECK UP
all of the above @Peacheon
He's a great singer
Has to be human is a requirement that I never thought I'd have to clarify
But it's the great and mighty poo
Uhhhhh also machine no
@Bi Bunch do y'all have a preference for guys, gals, non-binary pals, or none ?
when he sings 😩
Look at this boi, Angela
There we go

okay wait
i agree they are
cute boys
Since it doesn't promote discussion
I feel like a fun fact of the day would be better suited for one of these chats
I think it kinda does
^thats a good point
*shrugs*
It wouldn't be good if it was the "question of the hour" but one announcement a day isn't a huge deal
Can I just say that one announcement a day doesn't clog it's value
If you're really desperate, just c/p the two newest ones, as they seem to be the most important
Fiiiine
I'm pretty sure they're no longer relevant
Hmmmm but the pinned announcements ahhHh
NAME SHIT
@Peacheon don't move them, rename announcements and make a new Nnouncement channel
its not like theres any real downside beside clutter
i mean whats the harm in divvying up the chats right
Near the tag
Read the thingy :P
So i don’t want to have to move them all over
whats this for
whytag
I’d make them separate chats, but there are already so many QotDs in Announcements
taG
idk what would be easier
I was thinking of something along the lines of what Skrim was saying ?
I forgot to respond ahh
Oh sorry
Wat?
just not very frequent
& there *are* sometimes announcements
technically there's no harm to be had in having it
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Is there really a reason to even have an announcement channel then, is the step after that
it's not like the announcement channel is used for much else
i mean
Because alerts from it become more "oh it's just another QOTD" rather than "let's see what's up"
Additionally, it devalues the channel overall in terms of urgency
But, they're not fully fledged announcements, and they clog it up for when you need one shot announcements
@​here
Let’s see if we can get more people’s thoughts ?
Yeah so idk
Because everyone can participate in discussing the QotD but fun facts are just like a “huh cool” type of thing imo
imo
vs fun fact which wants no answer
Qotd is more of a direct question to people on the server
They're not really an announcement
Why is QOTD different from a fun fact is my counter
idk about qotd
I'd at least prefer fun facts in a separate chat from announcements
Yes
So like QotD and Fun Facts in the same chat ?
Hmmm
^
We could make an x of the day channel
I'd maybe be a bigger fan if it's put in a separate chat
Because like I kind of see announcements for like actual announcements ?
I'm fine with it, so long as there's no more announcements spam / nonsense
Would it just be you doing the fun facts?
that or neutral
i'm fine with it
What is your verdict on this? @Admins
Hmmmm
I wanted to do fun facts of the day @Peacheon
OH RIGHT
Also, colour changes are available for anyone through PM, #seashell-suggestions, or through h! (@Hex bot)
Mkay !
I like mine but I'll use it for something else eventually
Nah
https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/wofCc-7z7s0kTJDn1NX-1GHmQPjtMNNTC_tNRo6PKVWw3Ra76NWRI1T8lsGZi2NUk_zYjEHt=w640-h400-e365
You want it? o:
Bluish purples are so nice to look at
I like it a lot
It does !!
HmMM 🤔

Just thought it looks pretty <:squinkyface:496200395715248128>
What nonsensical announcement?
That doesn't sound like me
You lost it bc of a nonsensical announcement :P
And don't ask why because I forgot but I needed it an hour ago and I'll remember again in like three hours
What do you need it for?
@Peacheon can has admin back pls? Need announcement powah today

Currently
@Peacheon what's your role color code?
yea
@Peacheon can I have bi bunch tag uwu
aw Angela :’( have you tried an air humidifier maybe?
It's not like she can do anything about it
peachy no that's not healthy
Actually I’m not sure if it was actually half the night or like an hour in the middle of the night
Now im not really sure what to put down on my sleep thingy
that i spent half the night wheezing and coughing
is so bad
my asthma
Ughhhhhhhhhhhh
My hero
Wow what sorcery is this known as it your world, I call it fake news

Hecky darn, I missed 11/11 11:11
by tuesday morning
i think this whole pun set up is weak. c+ have a revised version on my desk
you rang
@fizzy lifting drinks
a better one would be "why didn't Jason's crew leave port?" "Because they are go-not's"
yeah
that one was a stretch
because he was so against it
the arson-nots
he even had an entire crew
he was anti arson
that's why Jason, that greek guy, was so influential
its all in the name dude
license to commit arson
the heck is an arson license
oh ok
trust me im a lawyer
And I don't want to commit arson
no it is
I don't think that's how it works
at age 100 you can legally commit treason
at age 60 is your arson license
at age 40 is your perjury license
at age 21 you get permission to drink and ykw it escalates from there
I can't wait to get interrogated
that'll be fun
Oh boy
And I can be interrogated by police without my darn parents being present
I can donate blood now
fun fact
thats what it means to be 17
congratz, laws dont apply to you anymore
so I can't be arrested
but now my age lines up with my legal age
and I was illegally 16
before 9:01 I was a fake 17 year old
so
because I was born at 9:01 pm according to my mom
Well, now I'm really really 17
: P
oh
a chair
about
alex what are you on
Oh, I'm not a criminal anymore
Because that makes me a criminal
Ok, so I'm not actually 17 yet because I was born at night, but legally I am considered 17 as of now, so does that mean that since I'm legally 17, I'm also illegally 16?
hey @Xompop you share a birthday with Washington state :’)
https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/9w1zai/til_there_is_a_species_of_jellyfish_whose_sting/?utm_source=reddit-android no thanks
happy bday bud !!
happy birthday !!
Thanks!
birth
Happy day of birth
happy birthday
happy birthday tho @Xompop <:squidwave:496224418184429578>
haha old now
Oshit happy birth
happy birthday alex!!! @Xompop
hmmmmm
I don't get brain typos
everytime you call yourself a very cool person you mean to say baby
No
does that mean you have the reverse issue alex
what
Which I am
You probably have a brain to mouth brain typo everytime you call be a baby and you really mean to call me a bary cool person
You wrote it
Uh huh, you just keep telling yourself that
I'm a bary cool person
xD
your name suggests otherwise
I'm not a baby
love you !!!!!
^
HAPPY 17TH WEEK BIRTHDAY
I forgot about that
Oh yeah
happy birthday, your birthday present is that history essay due at 11 a.m.
HAP BIRTH
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
wow
I'm legally 17 now
This is actually beautiful
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AEnolOKHkPU&feature=youtu.be
>clubs
it's much cooler tamy
You abandoned me for weight lifting club >:( @NotJoe
I like walking horizontally not vertically/diagonally
because I don't know how to navigate between floors
Not*
also didn't you have like the same amount in your middle school alex
sometimes I get confused about where to go
Yeah actually im now
it's not even that many
it's terrible
I hate that our school has so many floors
Are you really?
what a nerd
I’m best friends with walking up four flights of stairs every day to get to class <:papersquid:496218778938507274>
working out
What losers
also you see @Bugcat friendship ended with running. new best friends with weightlifting
When is your marathon?
Go tammie !! o:
what a shame
@NotJoe you missed out on a beautiful 4 mile run
but other than that 10/10 recipe
^
^
olives bad
olive ruined it
ew
wat
slightly unrelated but when once we start talking abotu weird recipes i think of this video
https://youtu.be/G3IY_j8d9NY?t=9
Nooooo
<:baldysquid:496224582743883777>
rewatch three times and write a 10 page analysis
I did watch until the end <:papersquid:496218778938507274>
Oh okay
it was made jokingly
dont knock it till you try it
~~skrim watch until the end~~
No it's a bad idea >:(
also wdym angela they put in a whole 100 calorie tiny oreo thing
They'd be better separately
You're not gonna be able to taste them if you make it into soup
it's the idea that matters skrim
Uhhh that was also v high calorie
why not tho
Or the klondike bar
There's no need for the cupcake
But why
it's a low calorie recipe skrim
If you're just gonna blend it all anyways
joe thats just criminal
Why does it need a cupcake
Wtf is that milkshake recipe
like moist memes
m oist
also moist is a great word
Agree
gooey and chewy cookies > crunchy ones
gooey is almost as bad a word as moist
peachy has Taste
chewy >
I don’t like cronch
YEET
Gooey > crispy
no one said gooey
crunchy cookies can be good but overall i prefer gooey
Hmm
Depends on the thin crispy cookies
crunchy cookies < gooey cookies
noo
I want some
Peachy you agree thin crispy cookies are great right
Tbh, watching that i was going to die
Yum
@pi tell them how it's done
big inccorect
You all are uncultured
disagree
ew
Gimme the thin crisps
Cronchy cookies are great
Oreos have an entirely different taste from cookies
@E r i k wtf no
milkshakes in general really good tbh
oreo milkshakees good
https://www.reddit.com/r/GifRecipes/comments/62t1mv/oc_low_calorie_oreo_milkshake/
that reminds me of this
Like an oreo milkshake
you dont dunk the entire oreo in
I want to make that
Oreo milk sounds good
joe you monster
tsk tsk no standards
Also, every part of the brownie 👌🏻
even then you should soak the oreo in milk until it's not crunchy anymore
corner piece
if you want that cronch just eat an oreo
I most likely won’t have anything for the day
@Skrimiche always just post it in QotD :=
Unless you have the thin and crunchy ones with a glass of milk
Thicc and chewy
THICCC and chewy
but more towards the chewy side
in between chewy and crunchy is where you want to be
thick and chewy
also another solid question is what's better thicc and chewy cookies or thin and crunchy ones
this is no time for negativity
than the crusty edge piece
I wanna make brownies now
^
so I'd rather have that fluffy good middle piece
robin,
Brownies are gross
but brownies don't need that extra support
you just get two brownies at that point
side piece is better for things like cake and stuff because the outside is necessary to keep a good consistency
You get the cronch bits and the soft bits
Middle pieces are so soft and squishy and good
bröthers may i have som bröwnies
Side is a blend of the two it's nice
But
corner is the only way to go
bröthers
corner has the most concentrated taste with the browned bits
Where are my side piece brothers
Middle piece owo
What the hell
for brownies, middle piece is the best
middle piece
The lot of you
It’s so soft and tastes very good
and then half an hour later you lose it
Villains
corner duh
MIDDLE PIECE
corner
that way you can have both separately
and you eat one and youre like "ah this aint working" s you eat three more like an idiot
My grandma makes really good brownies
I have #atlantic-announcements perms but I don't want to steal the QotD in case  Peachy has something for today so: corner, side, or middle piece (for brownies)?
why not get rid of the brownies then
i'm a fan of all parts of a brownie
I love brownies
what about the brownies
you dont eat weed brownies for the brownie part you eat it for the weed
oh damn I wouldn’t know
i prefer the non-crust bits but theyre just good
Weed brownies are terrible apparently
scones are also really good
brownies are really good
weed brownies?
Hmm
Yes brownies are good
they gotta be thicc brownies
I've had carrot cake once and it was without frosting
brownies.
frosting's a bit too sweet usually
Eh
eh
carrot cake
Good times
My sis had a Strawberry Shortcake remote kart and my bro would take the controller & drive it into her to bully her
that sounds like a you problem alex
coffee cake's great with milk
coffee cake good
but that strawberry girl haunts my dreams
umm
Lemon icebox pie is rlly good
I don't remember what it's from
umm what other desserts
I remember that
OH
Oo yes strawberry shortcake is nice

exactly
I bought Halloween candy for my sis because she was being whiney and now we have to serve it to a bunch of kids for her party 😭
Mmmm
get some ice cream on that
strawberry shortcake is rlly good
hmm
^^
^^
Solution: small slice
But it makes you feel bloated if you eat too much
I still have Halloween candy
god I’m really hungry
Cheesecake is good
LMAO
AgAiN?
oh god not again
yes
echks i hate to tell you this but i think someone pissed on your cheesecake
how would you know
<o/
you taste like piss
cheesecake isnt even too dense it just tastes like piss
dont have a coward stomach. eat that the fucking cheesecake
you just gotta get smaller slices smh
^
Cheesecake is good for the first half of the slice, then you hate it and want to die but you keep eating it
don't eat too much and it's fine
also you just gotta pace yourself
Echks curbstomped my cheeskcake
cheesecake is too dense
I think you meant as usual
for once a good joe opinion
cheesecake is really good for the first couple of bites but then it's like there's a really heavy weight in your stomach
classic new york style cheesecake's the best
good
cheesecake curbstomped my kid
it is a classic
Cheesecake with blueberry syrup is really fucking good
cheesecake good
uh oh
objectively wrong
I really like strawberry shortcake
echks what the fuck
hold on
woah
ew
cheesecake is awful
Echks has a wrong opinion
but together they become better than each separately
best type of cake is probably cheesecake or vanilla buttercream cake though
ice cream cake kinda sucks tbh
I mean, I'd rather have ice cream by itself than cake by itself
ice cream cake is great
theyre better separate
ice cream so good
ice cream + cake = no good
why segregate them
they're super good together
no
what about ice cream cake?
so
yes
ice cream and cake complement each other
good opinion
ice cream better than cake change my mind
<:papersquid:496218778938507274>
nothing about that is normal but ok
Oh it's just normal on the side
weird flex but ok
oh
What
It's in a car trunk not a store
also what
teens these days with their phones
milk also coats your throat! gross!
LOL
I imagine skrim just sitting in a store taking eight hundred pictures of some cake while the staff get really uncomfortable
yeah
I find super sweet foods become much more tolerable when you have milk with them

Yesss Joe yessss
chocolate chips good
Lemme get a pic
buttercream frosting is the best type of frosting
AAAAA
what does it look like from the side?

theres so much chocolate its practically inedible
I’m so hungry
Good Joe
food I want it
You eat from the outside first
smh not buttercream frosting
it lives up t its name
What the hell
wow
a restaurant near where i used to live has a specialty cake called chocolate homicide
First
I’d eat those roses
I need it
H OT
fuckkkk
gorgeous
it would be the chocolate remnants of the cake
😩
Also here's what the whole thing looks like
SO BAD
I WANT IT
LETS GO
IM TRYNNA CHOKE TO DEATH ON FUCKING CAKE AT THE AGE OF 16
GOOD
Uhh it doesn't say what %
you start eating that much chocolate and it coats the lining of your throat
I can feel myself getting diabetes staring at it
thai stir fry is so sweet skrim
AS A PROFESSIONAL SOYBOY I'M THE DESERVING RECIPIENT
You couldn't appreciate the sheer glory of this cake even if you tried
I want it still
i can feel my cholesterol going down hill just lookin at that cake
SKRIM IT HAS SOY IN IT
Shut up Joe you think stir fry is sweet
XD
69%
it sounds like it'd be too sweet
Uhh lemme see
^
but what percent cocoa is it tho
TRUE
FALSE
NOT AS MUCH AS I DO
SAME
I APPRECIATE CHOCOLATE
YOU APPRECIATE NOTHING
I CAN APPRECIATE THIS CAKE MORE THAN YOU EVER WILL
uwu skrimmy-senpai share your chocolate
giv
skrim im underweight pls
GO AWAY
NO
>.>>>>>>>>> sharing is caring
share it with us uwu
GET AWAY
>.>>>>>
IT'S MINE
NO
give me >.>
NOM
NOOOOM
2 pounds
NOM
Excuse me WHAT
Just drink milkshakes and find out
do i only prefer hot drinks bc i have no boys with whom to crack open any cold ones
yeah you crack open a cold one with the boys, you don't crack open a hot one with them
cold drinks are the best
thats INIVGORATING now CALMign
It's refreshing
Is really nice
The feeling of it going down your throat
Like
cold drinks are the opposite of soothing
I like warm drinks and really cold drinks. Those are the best temperatures because warm drinks make you feel cozy and happy just by virtue of their warmth. They make you feel all bundled up and fuzzy. However, if it's too hot then it's just pain. Sometimes my mom will offer me coffee and I'll be like, wow thanks, and drink it but it's insanely hot and it burns my tongue, and the first time it happened I thought it was a prank byt then she proceeded to chug the whole thing without even flinching. I'm so sure that years of drinking super hot stuff has literally fried her sensory neurons in her throat and made them completely useless. On the other hand, really cold drinks are really nice, especially on a hot day, because they cool you down and they feel really loose or floaty going down your throat and it feels soothing and good.
I just thought I’d bring it into the equation
I never said I like room temp drinks
preferably cold
there are only two options, cold or hot
wtf is wrong with you
no
gross
ew
What about room temperature drinks?
perhaps mankind modelled descriptions of love and the goodness of life off of hot tea
oddly pessimistic
tsk tsk
the feeling of love and the goodness of life only exists in hot drinks and thats a fact
cold drinks just make me feel cold and I dont like that
and also if they arent sweet then they do quench my thirst
the best part about hot drinks is how they make me feel toasty
ok thanks
jeremy
hey can someone give me a random male name
anything can burn
I didn't know milk was something that burned
somehiw
or make it unpalatable
but i always burn the milk
hot apple cider is the only good hot drink
who knows
Wait how
i always fuck it up
i cant make hot cocoa with milk
Too*
I definitely don’t like tools much of it
Also @Skrimiche i get what you’re saying about how too much chocolate milk/hot chocolate can make you feel sick
rip
((Also sorry my typing is slow im on the phone and my fingers are cold))
It’s an emotional/psychological thing
I just feel uncomfortable
I don't get that
It’s about the warm fuzzy toasty feeling when you drink warm things
No it’s not about physical feeling warm
I can't drink either chocolate milk or hot chocolate too often anyways, makes me feel sick :(
But sometimes I'm thirsty while craving sweet
I never really feel cold in the first place
I don't need to feel toasty
Heathens
Trueee
But they make you toasty !!
Cold chocolate is great Peachy
Yeah Joe's right. Hot drinks don't relieve my thirst
But wth cold chocolate ???
Just don’t drink it burning hot
also I find drinking cold things to be more thirst quenching
I like to drink something without possibly burning myself
Who drinks *hot* chocolate *cold*
Joe you’re a heathen
chocolate milk's ok, but it's not really a drink that I'd drink often
Chocolate milk is great
Who the hell makes hot chocolate from water
you scum
tbh I like hot chocolate the most when it's cold
hot > GOOD > warm
yes agree peachy
Oooh yes
no water added
also the hot chocolate has to be made from milk
You can’t have it any other way
Also, hot chocolate is only good when it’s in between hot and warm
Agree
both good but hot chocolate much better
yes but let the hot chocolate cool down
agree
Chocolate milk is just such lower quality
Hot chocolate > Chocolate milk
bananas delicious
Also
huh
I like banana products but can’t stand bananas bleh
chocolate milk good
Yes
you like banana milk but not bananas?
Coconut milk = Strawberry-Chocolate milk > 
Banana milk > 
Strawberry milk > 
Chocolate milk
Chocolate milk is ok but not the best
sweet cinammon milk was the best though
They make chocolate milk though which makes them superior
eh for me it's cinnamon toast crunch > reese's puffs = cocoa puffs
Reese’s Puffs = Cinnamon Toast Crunch > Cocoa Puffs
Hmmmm
cocoa puffs and peanut butter puffs never had a strong enough flavor imo
Peanut butter puffs are the best actually
For once I agree with Joe
Cinnamon Toast Crunch > Cocoa Puffs
no
um you mean the opposite right joe
cinnamon toast crunch is great but cocoa puffs are a bit bland for me
& cinnamon toast crunch
Cocoa puffs is good
The official breakfast of November
this is so funny

tw nsfw mention children avert ye eyes
I mean I also think those are bad
corn flakes bad and john harvey kellogg FAILED so
granola cereal's great, but cereal like lucky charm's are trash
eh
hmm acceptable opinion
its still a salad, just very liquidy
yeah ykw either way cereal is disgusting so fuck it
pfff
yeah but thats its natural state. You didnt find a milk bone and then plop it in boiling water to make milk
I'd say it's not a salad anymore
also if you drown a salad to the point that it's more liquid than vegetables
milk is a flavor
Oh no it cant be soup, soup has to have flavored broth of some sort
it's not a salad
if you have a soup with boiled vegetables in it
so if I drown my salad in dressing, is it no longer a salad?
its not soup either.
also the more liquid part of cereal would disqualify it from being a salad I'd say
both have cooked veggies
potato salad? Salade Russe?
cereal is inherently processed aka not raw
also when you add corn to something that doesn't really make it the salad
salad is primarily raw ingredients
its not raw
you can put corn in a salad cant you? So corn flakes with milk is just salad
fine then plant product
theyre a separate food group
yes they are
grains arent vegetables
grains
where's the vegetable part of cereal
thus salad
its vegetable product with dressing
Cereal is a salad yes
are you calling cereal salad
*cereal*
potato salad? Greek salad? Cereal?
eh
doesnt need lettuce*
i brain farted
🤔
wait no
salad doesnt need salad.
excuse me salad doesnt need salad by any means
tea just has bitterness
juice is good because it adds sugar for taste
its almost like things are made up of other things
salad's bad without dressing which adds good flavor of acidity in vinegar
and paper is just pressed wood pulp
and salad is just mixed lettuce
is pencils are wood carbon sticks
I don't like coffee either
and coffee is bean water
yeah
tea other than milk tea is just bitter boiled leaf water
literally the worst tea and opinion
only good tea is milk tea
tea's good
no!
> tea
By the time I could I could just drive there instead
Still probably couldn't go anywhere on my own though
Fair
never too late to start
I never learned how to
what
I can't ride one
bike?
There's nothing within walking distance
I've never been to a teahouse <:papersquid:496218778938507274>
aw rip
yeah but i can just wear headphones, theyre just hogging up all the couches and making the place too crowded :<
I stopped going
Same a year ago
Are they loud
Oh no
Booo the teahouse I go to got popular and is being invaded by hordes of teens
xd
rip neck
movie theater front row bad
Y’all don’t want to sit in the front row of a movie theatre
Not for movie theatre
I mean generally front row is good
Movie tickets
front row is good yes

I wasn’t sure bc like
Okay
It seems good to me
That’s good right
oh FUCK
Yoyo we won Hamilton tickets, which is super awesome, but we got here and apparently they're front row?!!!
Otherwise it takes longer b/c of swap time
I think it's a super niche tip because the only situation I can see it working in is if you're in close range fighting someone as Torb & they're low enough for the hammer to finish them off
I think the only heroes it can apply to are mercy and torb
But it does take the same amount of time as reloading and gives you something else to hit with so you might as well
Not in OW tho
Ah
In pretty much any game with sidearms
For OW?
That’s good to know
Is it really? o:
switching to your secondary weapon is faster than reloading.
jk ily
why toxic today lucy
u suck
i had to finish office and friends first so
season 2 i suck
's a great villain
i love seeing her she
i'm only on s5
i mean she's good in s7 for that one episode
bad character
boo
no
season*
ooo what episode are you on?
im not that far in yet 😦
no
anybody who's watched parks and recreation: isn't tammy two the best character :D
Got it, thanks
Even though they're in the same sentence
And then just the page number and the last name of the first author for the second quote
You site it the traditional way after the first quote
nvm
wait
or
if it's more than 5 pages apart but within the same chapter which do you use?
I take that back
Within the same chapter or five pages, whichever is less
You site the page of the first quote if the next quote is within five pages
ty
i assume
comma between them?
both
if you're trying to cite quotes in a sentence (mla) but you use two quotes & each are from different pages, which page numbers do you use?
oh i used to but past tense
I used to wayy back
@E r i k and @Conroy do though
Alex doesn’t play League
Oop nvm then
I don’t play
the what
I have no idea what that is
Did you hear the new song k/da song hahah
i used to play and i mained pre-rewick warwick
i've played a wee bit
Hmmm I see
I think it's Alex who plays League of Legends
ya LoL
Thanks.
ALSO HAPPY BELATED BIRTHDAY @RequiemOfTheSoul
I'm going to assume you refer to LoL, and the answer is yes, but it's not me
does anyone here play league
o/
nice
I’m back
whee

happy birthdat
o:
WE ARE TIME TRAVELERS NOW
Thanks
feliz birthday
Happy birthday !!!!!!!!
Thanks
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MACHINE
OH MACHINE
*checking sidebar to see who that is*
birth
<:baldysquid:496224582743883777>
<:babysquid:496224100755439616> <:babysquid:496224100755439616> <:babysquid:496224100755439616>
YOURE AN AMAZING ORGANISM KEEP BEING AN ORGANISM
@RequiemOfTheSoul
<:squidwave:496224418184429578> <:squidwave:496224418184429578> <:squidwave:496224418184429578> <:squidwave:496224418184429578> <:squidwave:496224418184429578> <:squidwave:496224418184429578> <:squidwave:496224418184429578> <:squidwave:496224418184429578> <:squidwave:496224418184429578> <:squidwave:496224418184429578> <:squidwave:496224418184429578> <:squidwave:496224418184429578> <:squidwave:496224418184429578> <:squidwave:496224418184429578> <:squidwave:496224418184429578> <:squidwave:496224418184429578> <:squidwave:496224418184429578> <:squidwave:496224418184429578> <:squidwave:496224418184429578> <:squidwave:496224418184429578> <:squidwave:496224418184429578> <:squidwave:496224418184429578> <:squidwave:496224418184429578> <:squidwave:496224418184429578> <:squidwave:496224418184429578>
<:squinkyface:496200395715248128> <:greensquid:496212534596993024> <:squinkyface:496200395715248128> <:greensquid:496212534596993024> <:greensquid:496212534596993024> <:squinkyface:496200395715248128> <:greensquid:496212534596993024> <:squidwave:496224418184429578> <:greensquid:496212534596993024> <:squidwave:496224418184429578> <:greensquid:496212534596993024> <:squidwave:496224418184429578> <:gamerpachi:496207824771088387> <:squinkyface:496200395715248128> <:gamerpachi:496207824771088387> <:squinkyface:496200395715248128> <:gamerpachi:496207824771088387> <:squidwave:496224418184429578> <:greensquid:496212534596993024>
HAPPY BIRTHDAY IM HAPPY YOU EXIST FRIEND
HAPPY BIRTHDAY I LOVE YOU
@​everyone wish @RequiemOfTheSoul a HAPPY BIRTHDAY uwuwu
alcohol beverages
What are those
found it
@QUOTD

Dark and Stormy, or a Gin & Tonic
nvm
downloaded the desktop and can't find where to get the game
Ahh, the constantly underrated couch co-op....I miss that...
I think it's Overcooked 2 with the online co-op
It's only local co-op :c
I lied
Nevermind
and it's free
It looks v fun
but y'all should get the game
~~ignore me and my first world problems~~
It's been stuck at 100% for a minute now ahhHHhH
$16.99
How much does it cost naturally?
We live in a cruel world, my friends
ethernet's great
AND HE'S ALREADY DONE WITH BOTH
JOE HAD TO INSTALL THE GAME AND THE TWITCH DESKTOP APP
MEANWHILE
It just went from 7 to 8 minutes to install
I've been downloading Overcooked for so long now bc my wifi is so crappy
lmao
so it's a running joke xD
That's what I told him the past two days for Overwatch
oh
wat
@E r i k
i will tomorrow
play with us then ;P
Actually the most stressful game ever made
Oh shit i've played the switch version
Which means you need to have Amazon Prime + a Twitch account
Yes
Means you gotta have twitch prime right?
It's co-op !
@​here Anyone want to play Overcooked?  It's free on Twitch Prime -- all you need to do is install the Twitch desktop app + Overcooked
the essay was interesting
Math was easy but ik I missed 3-4 prob
Reading was bad
how did it go?
It’s been done 😭😭😭
^^^^^
Also some videogames but that can also make me more stressed so it's a toss up
To relax I usually listen to some music (Priscilla Ahn I love you), and maybe call someone
Why would you afk on a game tho
Sure
I'm afk on it fyi
No excuses !!
Hey you’re always online
ew
FoRtnIte
maybe play a game or something if that helps you relax
yeah I'd agree with that and just say relax at this point
Just relax and take your time, rushing and too much stress makes people underperform
Besides the ones like “eat a good breakfast”
Any good tips for the sat
nice
Idk LOL
Huh
huh
Not anymore
No
Wow
oh do you not live in california
I'm probably applying to a few but I'm doubting my chances
Don’t have that extra uc chance hahah riP
I think Joe might ? but that's incredibly unrealistic for most of us
hahahaH
"an amazing chance at ivies"
also did you say you were in California before or nah since if so you got that extra uc chance
ivies are always a gamble imo
eh
you guys have an amazing chance at ivies tho :’)
oof
Big mood
I feel like as a further my high school education that just becomes less of a reality LMAOOO
yall back in middle school I thought I’d be going to an eLiTe sKoOl
so I was just double checking
Angela some schools are weird from what I've seen
^^^^
That’s only if I calculated weighted, my school doesn’t do weighted so my gpa is trash
How would it be on a 4 scale if it’s over 4
it's definitely good enough that you won't have to worry about not getting into college
5
is it on a 4 or 5 scale?
Good
Is it good or bad ????
How do you guys see a 4.3 weighted gpa
Hmmm
Then i would ask your teacher for extra help or watch some videos on it
also you still have 3/4 of the school year yet so you probably should either dedicate more time to studying calculus if that's your challenge course or just try to get your other courses grades up to make up for it
If it’s that you’re not getting it conceptually
If it’s silly mistakes on tests, then don’t rush them and take your time !!
But idk the best advice i can give is to improve on the areas that are weighing down your grade
Also like even if you don’t get into your top schools, you should have some colleges that you’re happy to attend
from what you've said I'm pretty sure that's not really a worry
Ofc you will
Are you understanding the concepts?
yeah
Will i even get into a college with my current gpa !!!!
Then idk what to tell you really ?
yeah extra credit's pretty uncommon
Nah doesn’t exist
Extra credit
I have but she’s one of those “just study harder” teachers
Like make up tests
That’s really the only advice i can give
Ask your teacher if you can improve it somehow ?
wdym by gpa advice
Uhh idk
GPA advice??? I checked my grade for calc and it is NOT good
Also
So what I normally do
and talk to friends
I think i play games
Good luck guys !!!
Oh yikes
Also good morning hahaehfbfnfnjfkrwlsi 1 and a half more hours
Food
You study ?!
studying
Food
November 3, 2018 —Question of the Day: 
How do you relax after a stressful day?
@​here
guess you made up for all the sleep you missed yesterday
nice
It boosted up my average so much


And now it’s morning
And fell asleep
I got home at 6
So uh
Hiya !!
hello !
ill try to finish it during design
oh well
and lost two hours
Oof, turns out a fell asleep
It sucks
Oh yeah that happens to me all the time
there's a slight difference there
oh
tripping*
oH
accidentally pressed send
and i can;t remember the rest of it
what
you imagined yourself ripping?
I had that typed up
What
ripperoni, i wanted to rest my head for a bit and i got "woken up" while i was drifting because i imagined myself ripping
but why
~~all-nighter here we go~~
but hello !!
Ripperoni i think im too late
Hello
HELLO
tsk tsk alex having dreams with plot holes in them
stop poking holes in my dream
with a razor
how are they going to shave in the middle of the mustache apocalypse
sorry I only recognize no nut november
bc its no shave november
why didn't they just shave
but everyone with a mustache was immediately distrusted and killed for fear that they might spread the mustache virus to everyone
So I was able to escape and find refuge in this small community
but it turned out that I was immune to mustaches because I had already gotten my mustache vaccine
You tried to put a mustache on me and actually succeeded
and turn into mustache zombies
and then they would die
and it was making you put mustaches on other people
yeah
what
oh
by the mustache
Suffocating people isn't evil to you ????
because it turns out that you were being mind controlled
were those people she suffocated people who were jaywalkers
I mean
I'm not sure if it was evil
thank god
well
im evil in your dreams again
also, darn
excuse me ?
where you were suffocating people with mustaches
I had a dream yesterday
h ow
w h a t ??
yes
This is undeniable proof that Angela is british
well the good news is they would brutally suffocate if that were possible
I've had nightmares about this
what if their mustaches were so large that it covered their nose and mouth
because like
I wonder if people back then could breath
oddly specific
the 19 century british capitalist one
Oh hey, we're using the mustache octopus!
you see god some time during mid december after you've failed that month's challenge
you become a wizard dec 1
yeah you'll see god on dec 1st alright 😏
caps
PREPARE HOW
~~highkey ez pz~~
if anyone can actually succeed theyll be smelling colors and seeing god by december 1st
NEED TIME TO PREPARE
RIGHT
and gl pierre you absolute madman
why did nobody tell me yesterday
oh shit i forgot it was no fap november
GOOD LUCK PI
and good luck
what heck
Pierre
sounds fake
WISH ME LUCK BOYS
TRUE MEN DO BOTH CHALLENGES
I do
Don’t you just not shave anywyas
If i could grow a beard id do it
I might do it
xD
: ^ )
i'm good
I will Peachy
Try it
No Shave November
But anyways
I don’t understand it
I imagine
that place is wonk
lul
yeah
r/nofap?
there's that one subreddit that idolizes it and thinks it increases confidence or something like that
same
also i don’t understand the point of the other challenge
try this one
Okay well
My bro did today
I've only heard people mention the other less tasteful type of november
I've just never heard anyone mention no shave november
How did you not know that it was a thing
wdym how
How
What
didn't even know that was a thing
But i want to see before + after pics if y’all are doing No Shave November !!!!!
Also, unrelated
That one is adorable
Alex i love you
nice
I need to finish my essay too
Oh yeah
-moves server to bottom of the list-
So, if you don't like the icon, *please suggest one in #seashell-suggestions*
ANGEREEE
PLEASE OMGOSH
and write my essay
I'm just going to settle with this one bc i gotta move on with my life
hmmm its too 4chan imo
Angewa, the perfect server icon is right here
+1
this one freks me out
^^
yeah lets do alex'
i like the experimentations with the icon
I like this one

to be inclusive
why do we have an octopus icon when this is squid squad?
imagine having fucking octopi on your ears
At least it's better than mercy
Oh not that icon again
also I agree skrim earrings sound terrible
Okay I'm done now
!!!!

Earrings not the octopus
Those freak me out
Earrings nah
Wtf why are these so adorable

And these earings

Yes same
Daww
I would buy this necklace

Peachy wtf are your search terms

wdym tamy
That's disgusting
wHAT ARE THESE

-looks at @NotJoe -
Not if they're masochistic
thats cruel and unusual punishment
MY RETINAS
why
AAAAA
YOU TERRORIST
oh god
WHY
STOP
I hope your eyes burn

I think you meant the true religion pi
agree with pi
but ok
>white theme
gtfo
sounds fake
until i find an icon
We the Cattle Crew now bois

But i can't move on
Yes
also angela don't you have an essay to be writing
The mooder
yes
Good
Petition to have this be our server icon
i agree
good
yes

CULTURED
YES
Also Mei > Mercy as a waifu
Key*
The real pic of it looks cuter than the art
I used the shift yet
never
y'all gotta turn that caps lock off
Also as a hanzo main you have no say
YOU CUTE
YOU'RE THE SAME THING
ITS THE SAME THING
Also all mercies look unnatural
NO
THING
ITS A GOOD SQUID
DEMONIC
Not THAT
LOOK
This is what a dumbo octopus looks like
SEE
thicc squid was better you damn hooligans

Mercy is TRASH
^^
if its called squid squad would the squid not be more reasonable?
disagree this mercy looks unnatural the squid was cuter
disagree
AKA Mercy
At least the server icon changed to something more reasonable
iT'S SO CUTE WHAT ARE YOU ON
It looks off
No, it looks demonic
but everyone else is a numpty
See, that's what I think
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
oh that's cute
aka good
It was this :c

What Joe said, but swoller
it was a fat baby squid
I missed it
wait what was the image we had before
Dumm
gdi
When I'm not procrastinating an essay that i have an extension on due tmr
Also @Peacheon when are you gonna reply to VCDC
It's not on theme
This isn't an improvement
Lies
the issue here is clearly that they're both bad
MEI GOOD BUT MERCY BETTER
MERCY IS A HO
MEI BEST WAIFU GTFO
WHAT THE HELL
begonnneeeeeeee
NO
MERCY GOOD WAIFU
THAT'S IT, WE'RE BEING MERCY
SHES ALSO A PACIFIST
HECK YOU
MERCY IS A TRASH WAIFU SHE HAS 0 PERSONALITY
GET RID OF IT
THAT'S MY WAIFU YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT
HEY
GET RID OF THE HO
DELETE
NO ITS FUCKING MERCY
A DOG
WHAT THE FUCK IS IT NOW
<:squinkyface:496200395715248128>
DOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOGGGGGGGGGG
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
DOG
this is much better

here
just
no stop the egirl is worse
y'all can deal with mercy while i find a new icon >:c
it's terrible now, it's the symbol of all that's terrible in the world
Oh no
@ echks

It doesnt have devil horns it has ears
wow okay
it's just a squid that happened to be near Chernobyl
And soulless dot eyes
& it has weird devil horns??
The body:arm proportions are weird
Its thicc
I like it
Peachy why
angela killed it
What in God's name happened to the cute shiny squid
Wow okay.
Dumbo octopuses look way cuter than that thing
What the fuck is that server icon
I think it's adorable
It's a dumbo octopus :c
IT LOOKS HIDEOUS
GOD GET RID OF IT
dear god what is that
nice arr
I wanna be a pirate :(
aye matey
argh
The pirate
which one are you

i only have one group shot
I realized that i didn't take that many pictures of my costume
Oh shoot
Because my essay was trash
I didn't even end up applying early anywhere
I didn't even end up applying early anywhere
I was too busy worrying about college apps
except panda
wow lame
Yeah I didn't do anything either
Only 3 houses put out candy yesterday tho & we didn't go looting
Didn't get a pic but I was a panda
same
I'm boring and didn't do anything for halloween
im trying to post mine but I give up bc school WiFi
show me your Halloween costumes
gdi
https://youtu.be/fXrFzLAV_aQ
Tell Peachy to check her PM's por favor @ Conroy
it's a pencil pusher but the head texture didn't load
gottem
aint that what white people look like /sarcasm
so
um that looks like a klan hood a little bit

oui
@Conroy would you do me a tiny favor
No
would quartering troops happen more often if it wasn't an amendment
oh i love that
ahahaha
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/volokh-conspiracy/wp/2015/03/23/federal-court-rejects-third-amendment-claim-against-police-officers/
I'll try to find it
I feel like there has been like one third amendment lawsuit
censorship i say
ERASED!
but it shouldnt be erased yknow
oh the 16th should be burned
GOOD MAN
I'M A THIRD AMENDMENT SUPPORTER I WANT TO SHOW UP WITH A SIGN ON CAPITOL HILL ABOUT HOW I WON'T QUARTER TROOPS IN MY HOME
THE THIRD AMENDMENT IS AWESOME
NO
but if you want a serious answer, it would be much simpler if we could. The 3rd amendment is useless, the 6th is hardly followed, and the 16th is villainous and is yet another reason Texas should secede and become a Monarchy
Prohibition
What’s 18th
thats what im thinking too
yeeeeah
historical propriety
nahh its lame
yeha
idk i like that it's still thwre
i like the record of it
its cleaner that way
it should be erased and replaced
pish posh its a fake repulsion
shoutout to the big two-one
>The 18th amendment is the only amendment to be repealed from the constitution. 
🤔
a whole other amendment had to be made to get rid of it because OoOO we CanT RePeAl AmeNdMenTs
18 what a dumb number
18th
clearly the most useless one we have
which ones come to mind?
also tbh repealing some amendments would be a nice move but this particular one is good lets keep it
ah
MYITO MYITO MYITO
FATHER!
wrt repealing its not his call its congress'
MITOOOOOOOOO
OMG ILY
MITO
resend no balls
hi dad i'm gay
correct: typically the us government is too busy killing citizens of foreign companies to screw over their own citizens so directly but i guess this one can multitask
👼
im dad
hi disabled
@LunarZeta come on pirate101 and add me, coward
im disabled
yes
a typing impsediment
a speech impsediment?
cOnrOy
what do you have
gonna say tho that repeals have happened before no? so saying "he needs to repeal the 14th" as if it makes it impossible is kinda silly
you didn't capitalize the I
i wouldnt worry too much
fair
hmm
its just stunts
shenanigans like this happen like in nearly every single presidency and people forget about it
of course not
you expected something else?
meh
of course it is
oh i have to go but the very fact that they'd try to do this is *very* worrisome even though it's not going to work this time
the only way he could possibly get what he wants is to repeal the 14th amendment
you have a speech impsediment
It's just stripping away more rights
pi
He’s saying he can change this
Skrim that’s the thing
what will that even change
send me to 2329
I wasnt born here and neither were my parents, the process to get citizenship is loooong and annoying but like
if you're no longer considered a natural born citizen bc of this can you not be deported
send me to Antarctica p l s
It's a little not easy to apply for citizenship
They can’t deport me anywhere because I was born here LOL
"hah you've been INCONVENIENCED!"
"If your parents aren’t citizens of the us then even if you were born here, you might  get your citizenship taken away" doesn't that explain it?
okay then
oh
are you asking a question or dismissing it
like you can just apply for citizenship again what does it hope to accomplish
uhhhh
ummm
i mean even if it does get passed what is it even going to change
It's probably too early for them to be trying this yeah
What are they gonna do if that passes
Also it doesn’t make sense
im not hoping in their humanity im running with their sheer stupidity
> optimism in 2018
this isnt optimism
honestly
like
I'm never going to be optimistic anymore
even among a conservative SC
yea it won't pass
Correct
its not *questionable* it literally goes directly against the letter of the law
they held that up
The travel ban was also rather questionable and that was before Kavanaugh
a right leaning court maintaining a facade of neutrality if they can manage to find a spin on that that Is constitutional ill eat my hat
oh what the fuck
How do you know that? Supreme Court leans right
theres no two ways about it its a direct violation theres no way to spin that
even if he passes the executive order it would go to court immediately and get thrown out
Ya it is
its unconstitutional it literally goes against the 14th amendment
Sorry
If your parents aren’t citizens of the us then even if you were born here, you might  get your citizenship taken away
Skrimmm it’s basically where
this isnt happy at all
omg
; D
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0jEm6owSKFU
the what
Does anyone know the deal with trump ending birthright citizenship?! There’s a lot of gray area that my family falls in!! Someone please explain
I hate you
uwu SAT on my face, collegeboard-chan
It is
Lovely
pretty sure that is a...thing
i read that as "nothing is sexier than STDs"
nothing is sexier than the SATs
angela has a collegeboard kink
Only person in this chat who would have gotten the writing style reference
Mission accomplished
FINK RAT
From which, I can easily rain artillery down upon you,  like so many limp biscuits which wet my apatite, like a spicy mustard
The spicy mustard of your doom
Foolish man
You can have the greater ground, I have the higher ground
As a lesser pronoun user, nobody cares if I get violated in exchange for material gain
Ah but I hold the greater ground here
I don't stoop to using such lesser pronouns as those with only two letters
ronan farrow i think
Who says it has to come out
I don't, you do
Also, Angela, that's Def not an OK mindset to have, because the world doesn't respond to either the recipient or the giver of things like that well, when it all comes out
You called your dogs mops, you have no room to talk
Machine you talk about kicking cats shut up
Listen, if it gets me into a college and a bunch of scholarships ill do it
sure it is
I walked into this conversation and I only was able to catch part of the conversation and I'm pretty sure her groping you for a perfect score is not OK to be OK with
each person can find up to 1600 eggs
it's a nationwide easter egg hunt
I'm confused
For what
1600
Out of what
Listen idc how annoying she is if she gives me a 1600
Why does she look so much like that one annoying teacher
*whistles*
why
I guess anything is possible
nice
No I think she got it tho
gdi peachy
Oh did you not know what copping a feel was
Yeah your version seems a lot more fun where do I sign up
Lol wth peachy are you using a different version of common app than the rest of us
It’s slang for “to touch/grab someone’s boob”
oh no
No
I
Do you know what the phrase means?
What
I’m so curious as to what I was dreaming about but also idk if i want to know
I just woke up with the phrase “‘copping a feel’ on the Common App” stuck in my head today
Np <:greensquid:496212534596993024>
thank u skorm
oh SHIT
Someone said Dark Souls III is $15? Too lazy to check but if anyone's interested there ya go
https://twitter.com/steam_games/status/1056969343571976196
https://interactives.clickhole.com/games/protect-your-gold-from-barack-obama/ oh my fucking god
its shite
ah yeah thats it
it's called "SHIT"
lmao
whats that thing in games called when theres only like 5 enemy types but each one is like "raider" "raider crusher" "raider scum" "raider ravager" etc
i was almost impressed
i grew up in and around boston and somehow, it made me get lost. in boston.
fo4 level design is terrible
while im still like. kvetching
fnc will wait for another day
rip
vortex is trying to kill me rip
who knows!
H OW
he had never been up to black mountain i was horrified
HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
when i was in the hospital i was chilling with this guy in group and we started talking abt fnv and i was like "yeah raul's quest is so bugged" and he was like "lol whos that"
my wonderful cranky mexican father
raul, my dad
WHAT ELSE DO YOU NEED
BUT NEW VEGAS HAD RAUL
accurate
fo4 is at its best when its a boyfriend simulator and thats that
it's so *insultingly* bad
lmaoooo
the "there's only one way out of this" was actually todd speaking
"theres only one way out of this" NO THERE ISNT I DONT CARE
LOL
i like doing speech as well yea
and i was like "oh cool okay idc abt you peace out) and then it MADE ME KILL HIM
like the first time playing thru i Didnt Give A Shit About Shaun (still dont lmaooo) and i confronted kellogg and he Diplomatically Told Me The Answers (i like speech builds in case you couldnt tell from the everything about me)
"Get back on the linear path, you silly bastard."
"That doesn't happen until later."
"Sorry, you fucking idiot. You wanted to kill the guy that stole your kid? Just kidding."
why. why does it FORCE you to
it forces you to kill him
Oh rip
and it trapped him in a room forever
i remember watching some dude review the game a while ago and there was a part where he got stuck because he decided to kill the guy that kidnapped his son at the wrong time
i'd say it's less linear yea
"Hey guys do you remember that neat game about having a story with lots of choices in your dialogue and actions? It's about how nuclear war, american exceptionalism, and all that are bad"

"I'm proud to announce Fallout 76, featuring no NPCs, and now you get to nuke your friends"
its less linear id say
Or just overall more fun despite being linear
Is new vegas a lot less linear or smth
its like. fo4 isnt a good rpg. but its also like. just not a good game
Holy fuck thats bad LMAO
i saw the headline about them not putting NPCs in 76 a few weeks ago and that was the day i settled on not getting 76
it doess
im pretty hype even tho itll be years before its done at this rate
fallout 4 new vegas looks good so far
never buying that shit unless that fallout 4: new vegas gets done
i played it on a free weekend and it sucked so much ass
bc i want to like it so bad. but its bad
i can count What I Like about it on one hand and thats me being really fucking generous
bc everything in fo4 is so painfully bad and wrong
literally if someone is like "how do i make an rpg" i would point to bethesda as the perfect example of what not to do
they really solved it in 76 by REMOVING NPCS
"HEY LOOK GUYS FOUR DIALOGUE OPTIONS ALL THE TIME JUST KIDDING IT'S FUCKING ONE. YOU'RE WATCHING A CUTSCENE. FUCK YOU."
-todd howard, ceo, bethesda
yeah god
THEY RAILROADED YOU SO FUCKING HARD SO THEY HAD TO CHANGE HOW DIALOGUE WORKED SO PEOPLE ***THOUGHT*** THEY STILL HAD CHOICES

THAT WAS THE THING THO

LMAOOO

GOOD
and some highlights
someone made a mod to replace the four-wheel system with the old system of just. Showing what theyd say
Also whoever decided to turn speech from a flat check into a percentage thing gets the gulag
Fucking hell
And you have *NO IDEA* what your guy is about to ask about
An option would be "[NPC's Name]?"
A thing in the game
And sometimes it would just be like
every single conversation was just "yes" "no but youre gonna have to do it anyways because this game has the worst railroading ive ever seen" "yes but give me more money" "yes but sarcastically"
it absolutely slaughtered the sense of being your own person
"Give me all your money"
"INTIMIDATE"
"holy shit okay sorry"
the options would be like "Yes" and when you picked it your character would say four sentences
TELL ME THE WORDS THAT MY GUY SAYS
LOL
Oh yikes
TODD
WHAT DO I SAY, TOOD
and like
there would be dialogue options that just said "Sarcasm"
The dialogue controls or the actual dialogue?
like
actually tho fallout 4's speech sucked ass
LOL
Oh no
my favorite thing was at an e3 conference before the launch of fo4 emil paglibitch was like "hey heres our four-wheel dialogue system :)" and then goes on to talk about how terrible the system is and how much harder it was to work around without realizing that he ended up condemning the very system he was trying to promote
i am filled with endless rage directed directly at todd howard
4
fuck fallout
Why would they remove that smh
fo4 tried to do trees kind of but that game is just a nightmare
and you don't level the skills by usign them
yea no fallout doesn't have trees
Ah
but most of the trees are restricted by the level of that specific skill
theyre not really *trees* though in fallout theyre pretty straightforward
But yeah skyrim/oblivion/morrowind
and every time you level you get to put a point in one of the trees
Its the same concept
i mean they didnt really work differently in older games, just more trees and slightly different leveling mechanics
increasing the level of a skill gives you progress towards leveling up yourself
and each thing has a different tree
by tes do you mean skyrim or older games bc they work differently
each type of skill is a level
but like
they're trees in TES yes
Are skills like skill/perk trees in TES?
they ain't back for 76
i dont know
its such a dumb idea how on earth was that a good game choice
you and me both
i'm still mad they removed skills in the newer games
lmao
broke: fallout new vegas
woke: toontown
:)
oh god no be careful what you wish for
i need it in my life
my favorite topic of discussion as in i will talk about it for hours on end and literally no one needs that in their lives
i was hoping that was what you meant
yES
fallout new vegas
fnv...?
but as a standalone it looks great they say 6-30 hours of new content
who really doesnt need a backstory he's good just being some weirdo
the only thing im miffed abt is that it seems like its set up to be like a backstory to the protag of fnv
~~possibly better~~
Like an official dlc
it looks real sexy
It looked hype af
O shit i saw the trailer for that
its only been like 7 years
project brazil is finally out
hell yeah
fnc is a fallout mod right?
but apparently its too good for my old broken nmm so Vortex It Is
i am excited about fnc i just suddenly remembered that it launched
Good plan
hah
shrug im just going out on a limb here and ill fix it if it breaks
All of these are from a while ago so idk if they still check out

i expect more problems in the future while i wrangle fnc
UGH nvm i at least logged in
Shits confusing
That was happening to me with NMM but updating fixed it, but now apparently you cant even update NMM anymore? It just has a link for vortex
at least on nmm i can spam click the token button when i get frustrated but vortex doesnt even have the good grace to let me do that
vortex doesnt have a seperate login section and i assume the token sending is automatic except its broken
Wtf
O
Or the nmm client?
yeah
To the nexus website?
I recommend just switching to Mod Manager 2, it'll take you like 30mins - an hour to learn but its way more capable than NMM
and tried logging out and logging BACK in
it wont even let me log in despite the fact that im logged in online
Yeah exactly
Yeah my brothers having trouble with it too
except the problem is i cant GET it to replace nmm
yeah
is that the thing that replaced NMM?
does anyone here have experience with nexus vortex
me irl
actually halloween (1978) is directly enforcing mccarthy-era values about american society and the ideal american based on its moralistic ritual killings of those deemed to be sinful and unamerican, not unlike the witch hunts of puritanical times that the House Un-American Committee was based off of. in this essay, i will
i'm kidding but i wish i wasn't
~~aCTUALLY IT'S SECRETLY ***COMMUNIST**~~
oh thank god
oh nothing people just talk about halloween a lot
what possible discourse,
explain
th
the Halloween Discourse™
ohh that's where i've heard of him before
he made halloween, the thing, they live, big trouble in little china, etc
70s and 80s horror and sci fi unless of course were talking about some other famous john carpenter
movie guy
who
john carpenter
?
who
in the middle of nowhere
john fucking carpenter
i mean
was it a one-time thing?
aw no
john carpenter in my town
what was it?
i missed something D:
why you sad  @Conroy
13/15 ;(
im sad

good man
yeet
got 15 on syllogisms
good
aw shucks

they predicted an 88% that's cute
no for the binge drinking one
for the organs harvesting thing?
unrelated, shocker shocker my demand for consent is at 100%
that's nice
Im not
isnt everything?
The Good Place is flawed
I love them
I dont
to quote The Good Place, this is why everyone hates ethics and moral philosophy professors
Same difference
Nah this is logic not philosophy
yeah
Philosophy pro
Although that opens a whole can of worms of what morality exactly is
Holy shit
Also yeah exactly
Love this shit
Pogchamp

like the opener about "if you see someone in severe need are you morally obligated to help them at no or little cost to yourself" which then goes on to operate as a yes/no decision in later questions, completely bypassing the fact that there definitely are some people who think "yeah i SHOULD do this but im not going to"
does that make sense
i think an issue with morality questions is that they never take into account a person's willingness to disregard their own moral standards, although one may argue the definition of morality in that case but whatever
By loaded I mean that they force you to accept a certain point of view or make a certain decision despite there being more
Nostalgia
yeah
Oh shit do they have syllogism problems
Wdym by loaded
👌

And crafted by fools
I name it null and void and useless
Booo these have so many loaded questions and I disagree with their results
83%
i got a 50% but i think thats because i cant read
wooo I got 100% consistency on the first thing
oh dear
if you like ethical and logical dilemmas, check this out
https://www.philosophyexperiments.com/
you gotta get the mach bike for speed
acro duh
Mach bike or acro bike
Quite an important question
Guys
Yes
I support this
no
LMAO
OH NO
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/414172172693536790/505478800214065172/Screenshot_20181026-101917.png
The Office weeb confirmed
https://youtu.be/BmTfxyoEqAc
i still can't handle the spice but i love it
i tried putting kraft singles into shin ramyun
oh damn ykw thats the best answer someones given to this whole thing
maybe that answer's going to change in 10 years
i don't see love as important right now
so the answer youre looking for is a no, but giving only that would be a lie by omission
i wouldn't date them
*its part of the inherent motivation*
*there is no not sadistic*
*On the daily*
BUT not sadistic
So
"on the daily" =  s e r i a l  k i l l e r
murderer = maybe, depends on the reason, ultimately i dont care
sadistic serial killer = couldnt exist, so no
im going to say this as clear cut as possible
okay
who murders people late at night on the daily
already no
a sweet, caring, attractive person
Would you date
Ignoring the semantics
semantics are what caused this whole issue in the first place if they directly affect my answer
when you know what I'm talking about
arguing semantics is stupid
how many times do i have to say this
you get the idea
no, in that case the answer is yes
and your answer is no
murderer =/= serial killer
can they be your (almost) perfect person but also be a murderer?
By which I mean that their behavior in your presence is exactly how your perfect person would act
im not an idiot i know how to read. my answer hasnt changed: the rules that govern their hypothetical existence directly contradict each other in my case.
the whole question is asking if the two things contradict each other
not exactly perfect
They are observably identitcal though
but they don't because they are *almost* perfect
They are not your perfect person
the rules that govern their hypothetical existence directly contradict each other in my case and therefore, what the fuck
You can never know what someone is thinking and therefore a person is just the sum of their behavior
For Myself
this person totally could exist
They could exist though
and im saying because i know this person literally could and would never exist, whats the point. but ultimately, this person doesnt exist BECAUSE THE HYPOTHETICAL IS TOO NARROW and the specifics of the situation are whats tying it down
This is at least how I am seeing the qotd
I think you are missing the point. They are not perfect. They act as a perfect person would when they are around you and the only difference is that at night when you don't notice they kill people. There is nothing to distinguish this person from a perfect person if you only consider your observations of their actions. Therefore, the only thing which is off is that you know that people are dying as a result of this person. The moral question under consideration is therefore how much one ought to weigh observable happiness against unobservable immorality.
if i grabbed your hands and forced you to ram a knife into someone, youre not the culprit here, youre another victim
like identity is subjective
doesnt matter what source the electrical impulse came from its them
no, theyre not
they did it
okay fine bad example
yeah they are
Like brainwashing? Thats different. Thats not their actions. It changes everything.
It's a hypothetical
*because their actions are then not their own*
how?
@ the not entirely unimaginable part
*no thats different*
^
maybe they have a brain chip
okay but this isn't entirely unimaginable
but if you don't know they are killing they would have no difference between the perfect person and this person
You cant imagine something like a 4 sided circle
genies are a known concept with set rules
more wishes
You can imagine a genie
Hypotheticals still have to be realistically imaginable
genies don't exist but I can still ask if you had three wishes what would you ask for
the point isn't possibility it's an entirely made up hypothetical
Thats multiple personality, which a nah for me, that shits confusing
the fact that the switch exists for sadism is a deal breaker and ultimately impossible
there's no point in entertaining a lot of things bit we still do it bc it's fun <:papersquid:496218778938507274>
yeah
what if they aren't sadistic or serial killer-ey but like a switch flips at night and they go kill someone and then the switch unflips
Yeah that as well, its like saying would you like to live in a 4 sided circle
if the person CANT exist, if the entire concept of them is a catch-22, theres no point in entertaining it
My life is the only one I live, if I can be happy my entire life through this, then yes i'd go for it
I disagree but I don't wanna type it
1. Personal happiness: if my personal happiness triumphs over them killing people and that making me sad, then thats a check. Im good on that respect 
2. Empathy/happiness for others sake: seeing the destruction of society due to murder would make me sad not only on a personal emotional level, but also because i simply know it is wrong, or if you want to use non-moral wording, inefficient and contrary to society or human nature. Im not sure whether this would overcome my happiness with them. I dont know how this ""perfect partner"" feels like.
it breaks your whole hypothetical
doesnt it?
someone that i can fucking tolerate, let alone consider letting into my life, let alone consider Perfect, Could Not seriously entertain and *crave* what is ultimately a sadistic thought
anyway it doesn't matter if this is a person that can exist just that they do
EVEN WORSE
cognitive dissonance is real
But they're perfect friends otherwise
thats even worse
*then they contradict each other*
oh god no
In your case
and anyway what if this person thinks exactly how the perfect person thinks BUT also they murder
Then they're all murderers
What is the difference between reaction and behavior
Uhhhh
I mean, I don't think that that's the conclusion that you should come to
what if my idea of a perfect person is multiple platonic relationships  @Peacheon
no its not, its literally just a consequence of an action.
reaction i mean
then my eyes Suck
your definition of thought it too broad its unworkable
It will literally only that one part that is irregular about the person in your eyes
nah
thought is just a reaction
youre missing thought
nop
thought.
I'd argue a person is just behavior and reaction
@Peacheon yea but the murder part might also inherently break a bunch of other components of your perfect person
it makes no difference so
except for the murder part
if they are identical to a person who is their own person and would do the same exact things as that perfect person
and also joes just. dude what the fuck are you talking about ever
Tfw no late night monopoly games with serial killer SO
a "perfect person" would be rooted in something far deeper than behavior and reaction
then ditch them at night while they're doing all that other nonsense
clearly the strat is to date this person during the day time
I mean in practice it is
not reacting how I want
perfect partner is their own person
> They're perfect for everything *except* the murder part
well then again, thats a fundamental misunderstanding of what makes someones "right" for another person besides fucking behavioral patterns
well that's not a perfect partner first of all
but basically they do everything you'd like and react in the perfect way that would work for you and make you happy BUT they kill people in the night
It's perfect for everything except the murder part
also whoever said "but they're fine with it, it makes them happy" - what if they Aren't though
Yeah that's gonna be a hard no for me
lot
its either or, and that changes a lit
dont backtrack.
its not perfect because murder
Ez pz
Lobotomy
its almost perfect
^ that's true too
well its not perfect partner
i would hope so lmfao
we have people whose idea of a Perfect Partner fundamentally contradicts with the motives youre describing
I would say to get them help, but I don't think you would be able to help them yourself
no hey thats the thing! theres the FUCKING rub though!!!
that's your role
On one hand I believe all killing is wrong since it is a destruction of society and a contradiction of our human nature, but on the other hand I believe humans dont have any intrinsic rights, only those we give ourselves.


And im very lonely.
you can
and nobody will help them really
i can't justify dating anyone
if you dont nothing will change
but they're fine with it, it makes them happy
go help them
if they're your perfect partner
I can't justify dating anyone doing anything so morally wrong
you're no better killing them...
then thats a get help situation pfft
the motive is to satiate the craving of killing
y'all awfully willing to date a serial killer
Like what else?
honestly for me i think it really comes down to motives and intentions and i dont agree with outright sadism, and i dont care if its anything else
except instead of everyone's happiness it's your happiness
yeah they are
Hm?
@pi are you making a utilitarian argument in favor of potentially dating a serial killer
also I agree with the first point pi
ALEX,
the target is irrelevant to the question but i agree that homeless people and prostitutes is a wildly unsympathetic target and honestly someone Perfect or whatever Would Not for me personally bc uh. homeless people and sex workers have legit been my friends
Why not give them a lobotomy
1. The purpose of life is happiness. If I find that my overall happiness with that person triumphs over the unhappiness that i get by seeing them murder people, then its worth it.
2. I can help them
more realistically id probably have a break down over my s/o being a murderer before doing anything else though <:papersquid:496218778938507274>
that's not the solution
okay no
what
I'd kill them first
they are killing people for pure sadism
I get what pierre is saying about doing morally questionable things for a friend but that depends on what the thing is
Oh fuck that
that is exactly the reason
For me it makes no difference who they kill
Homeless people and prostitutes
*do
Yeah that is part of it
if The Perfect Person, the soulmate, yknow whatever, was like "yeah i like killed a man 3 years ago" as long as the reason wasnt like outright sadism, i dont give a single shit
What kind of people so they serial kill
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
& even if it was something small like drug dealing or whatever, is it not your job to support them so they dont have to resort to morally questionable acts in the first place
if someone is an ally to me I'll look at them in a good light
it's more about how someone is in relation to me
serial killing isnt morally *questionable* its morally wrong
murder is a bit more than morally questionable
its a tad extreme
Serial killer is v extreme
and you die. nobody cares because durr youre homeless
so what if you were a homeless person or a prostitute
Im of the view that if someone is a close enough friend for me, id do or tolerate conventionally morally questionable acts
okay let me amend my statement to be completely honest because serial killer is a tad extreme
Idk if i'd report it immediately but i'd have a mental breakdown if I find out like 6 months in or something
so
theyre still people
but
so I'm fine with it
you see they're adversely affecting random people who are completely unrelated to me
Yeah getting them help is a good call i suppose
i wouldn't leave right away that's just bad
I would most definitely report that
first of all
Because they're a murderer !!!!
i'd get them help
well
same hat
yeah
if theyre perfect why are they
Theyre perfect for you, why break up
hm
no
if i broke up with them would they target me?
*squints*
IT'S NOT FOR THREE PEOPLE HERE
yeah no murder is a deal breaker shockingly
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
those are still people though
^^^^^^^^^^
i couldn't with a clean conscious
Oh eaaasy yes
They just kill homeless people and prostitutes so they wont get caught and it satiates their urge to murder
I would absolutely not
honestly i dont even have to think about that one
who do they target
Hey im serious
the answer is obviously yes
*Pierre*
woah there
No
would they murder people I liked too
Probably...
Hell i'd help them do the killing
I absolutely would not omg
What
yeah
yeah
@​here
October 26, 2018 —Question of the Day: 
Would you date/marry someone who was the most perfect person for you, but they're a serial killer and they murder people in their free time (when you're not around)?
like the arguments presented against apu were not very good
oh thats stupid
iconic indian man @Peacheon
rip apu
rip
What's that? o:
APPARENTLY APU Is GETTING WRITTEN OUT OF THE SIMPSONS
one sec
nice
We're playing Minecraft, y'all
SquidSquadMC.aternos.me
and i shouldnt have to explain why!

trust me, given the legal opportunity, i would kill shinzo abe with my bare hands
Or even agnowledged it
It's probably even worse coming from Japan given they still haven't apologized for anything from the war
HELLO???
nazi germany AND japanese imperialism im p sure the whole Korean character on hetalia was like "oh i love japan-senpai i wanna be just like him when im older' which HELLO?
The third reich is my waifu
Especially without ever mentioning the crimes they committed or the racism or anything
Could you imagine if a German company made a show about how funny and relatable a humanized version of Nazi Germany was?
I don't think that's necessarily being apologist though but I guess
*this is what ive been SAYING*
It's literally about cutesy Nazi Germany and imperial japan
it was literally called hetalia axis powers
it was?
KANSAS *ISN'T* A FLAT STATE
Hetalia
hetalia
Well yeah ?
what was nazi apologist
^^^
Hopefully less Nazi apologist
how is that any better
Because it’ll be 3D
But better
You mean hetalia?
I actually knew someone from Kansas and she would give like a whole bit on how Kansas isn't actually the flattest state and all that jazz whenever you brought it up
Just you wait
One day it’ll be a tv show
One day ill write a book with a cast of 50 characters inspired by the states of america
Earth Chan may not be flat but Kansas kun definely is
angela no what year is it
This sounds fun im going to do it
Angela-Ded-Sun
Kansas-kun
We aren't having another earth chan
Talia was doing that with some other people in a chat I used to be in
Gtfo
*Meet my OC, Hawaii-chan*
So hetalia?
some bs hetalia ripoff
Can California be schizoid?
Yess
OR WAIT
no
No
THE 50 STATES AS A LARGE FAMILY
THAT GAVE ME AN IDEA
Which is probably not in a unionized state
Alaska is like the youngest child.  Any achievement they have gets to be in the news.
Well she just has to stay in a good state then
I think Alaska does, they were in the news over it go figure
Yeah, Virginia and South don't have library unions, and the West Coast States don't either
I'm not part because I'm part time but I know it exists
Huh well mine does at least
A few states, yes
Working in a library is what I want to do a little before I “””retire”””
Surprisingly no
And unions!
It may not pay well, but it's often a government job so I tend to have lots of benefits and an excellent retirement plan
I think she was like one of the heads of the library so it might be a little above your pay grade
Sometimes
Have you ever considered majoring in library sciences?
If anyone is retiring and their job involves organizing (things and/or events), hit me up 😉
Hey
Though i just remembered my boss' boss who I kinda knew retired too so really it's 4 people
Also yeah I only really know younger people like in their 20s/30s who are more likely to leave than the older
Actually come to think of it she wasn't reference she was special collections
Reference at our branch never had a big turnover, but YA, Tech Support, and the back room had horribly high rates of turnover

The first two because they were very unpleasant environments, the last because that was mostly high school students or people in between jobs
Nah my first and most recent bosses were each the heads of our tech department I think and the other was a reference librarian but I think she got promoted shortly before she left
If it's technical support, that makes sense, tech support jobs traditionally have very high turnovers
Reference / Tech I think
What section of the library?
Like a YA section?
A library
Some jobs have high turnover
Where do you work
I just found out my boss is going, making her the third person in almost 2 years
Everyone I work with at my job ends up leaving
I think I'm cursed
no you're <@​&348517045970796544>
I am death
I probably am
I'm so important I count as two
Who's the fourth?
Fancy
Woah
Since when was <@​&504489522738757643> a thing
Wait what
Aw but i liked it when it crashed :(
<:papersquid:496218778938507274>
@Hex welcome back
Hopefully it doesn't crash again
.

Hell yeah man
the maracas, the triangle, cymbals
oh this question is easy
psych isnt like The Physical Organ which is more neurology
oh well
I'd disagree there from the definitions I was given b/c I'd rather study the brain and apply it from there than just society
eh
Psychology is boring
Sociology is amazing
Welcome back !!
why'd you leave tamy

oh
psych = brain
socio = society
definition wise
what's the difference b/w psychology and sociology again
hardee har
Aye aye, cap’t
and see which ones you prefer
i mean you dont have to declare a major going in ykw so take classes for both
I just really like both !! and i can’t choose
That’s fair
probably why i always preferred sociology over psych
true
One just tends to have jobs in helping specific person and the other is all about populations of people
yeah ik
“people” is true for both of them really
Wellll
which isnt the same as what i just said idk words
natural biology based vs people
or rather
ones more hard science and ones more soft science IMO
~~kinda wanna do both~~
I can’t really pick
Psychology and sociology sound so cool to me
then hah Robin
oh
Second of all, hi yes i qualify for the gayjor
First of all, Maya isn’t straight
Got any fellow lotta sharks in here?
psh
^
nothing abt group politik
you said friends
but I guess
I mean they're not really a strong part of the main group anymore imo
take that joe
oh wait actually I think maya is straight so that makes 2
still the gayjor
*huge*
okay fine how about this: of all the gay people i know, a HUGE chunk of them want to go into psych
you
I guess we're done
😂
and
what's a friend group
🤔
like you
I have so many straight friends
🤔
what do you mean joe
dis
tbh psychology is the only major field of medicine I didn't consider
im saying its proportional
I mean I'd say friend groups could have a certain bias effect here
lmaooo
I don't know you
Pride
who
shh machine
well now you know another :d
Because you're going through a patch of life when everyone considers it
oops
damn the only person I know who wants to go into it isn't straight
i am** considering it
therefore your anecdotes are false
im not gay and im not considering it
the amount of gay people i know going into a psych field is STARKLY disproportional to non-gay people
Gayjor?
it is!
a ghostToday at 6:40 PM
psychology
today's date is: celeryToday at 6:40 PM
ah. the gay major.

oh no
Case studies can often be misleading
But I prefer exceptions
Yes
It is
but in general this idea tends to prove true
if this an exception case sure
But I challenge you to look at its alumni

But it's a very very small college, with very little prestige, not a lot of people know about it, i.e. I bet none of you have heard of it
(Which isn't located in Hollins, VA, very confusing, I know)
So there's a college located in Roanoke, VA, called Hollins University
I'd agree that knowing how to please others and get them to do stuff for you is an important yet somewhat sketchy skill
lets
OHHEY COLLEGES OF HIGHER PRESTIGE HAVE BETTER CONNECTIONS LET'S TALK ABOUT THIS FOR A MOMENT
there we go!
efka
gimme an f. gimme an a. gimme a k. gimme an e
humbug
bah
a social skill is being able to know when to act a certain way when interacting with different people
social skills more like putting up a front both parties know is fake for the sake of formality and money
morals
hey theres the rub
It's not greedy to make the most of what you have in accordance with your morals
ok fair
all I learned from se7en is to retire early and not take a huge serial killer case on the last 7 days of your job
GREED, joe
And so you have to deal with them in the most intelligent way
joe did you learn nothing from se7en
😎
connections are the part of life where your social skills come into play
i have PRINCIPLES
so
They may be cheaty but they exist
I'd disagree with that
even if thats objectively the worse choice
I'd rather enjoy some nice food than live as a starving enlightened monk
the idea of connections to me just seems cheaty and illegitimate and unfair so I disagree with them on principle, and thus will completely disregard anything related to them
Money is material, but happiness is the end goal and ultimately, connections supply both. Also, money leads to happiness although there is a diminishing returns aspect to the money happiness relationship
you may have friends in high places but I have E N L I G H T E N M E N T
where are your connections now
become a Buddhist monk
^
uh huh
who cares money is material we all die eventually
It'd be foolish to disregard the effect of connections completely
That should also be taken into account, however I'd weigh connections pretty highly
imagine spending some of the most expensive years of your life (U.S.) in some place where you gain few things that allow you to earn more money and achieve greater financial success in the future
imagine spending some of the most potentially enjoyable years of your life in some place you don't care about because C O N N E C T I O N S
^
Colleges of higher prestige have better and more opportunitues
and a strong point I've heard of going to some colleges is making those strong connections and strengthening your network
the thing is the better colleges generally have people with stronger networks
from my understanding it's not like "aha you gotta go to this college to make connections ohoho ah yes" like these "connections" you can make literally anywhere unless you're going for a really niche career path
But it matters so if I had an option between less connections and more connections, I'd go with more
SOUL LESS CAPITAL ISM
Soul. Less
but that's just me
I'd disagree there
eh
connections matter but its so soulless to only do things for them
I mean more opportunities will naturally arise from knowing the correct people
eh
correct
I bet connections do matter because no matter how qualified you are, it is always easier to succeed when options are given to you rather than you looking for them
ah. the gay major.
psychology
im just Curious
what is it
not really
like really feel passionate abt it
hey to all yall in college rn: do yall actually like....*like* your major
great idea
im gonna hang this on my wall
yes
this is why we need communism
uh huh
seelenlos.
connections is such a dumb concept who cares about pay and money the edgy commie teens will overthrow the economy anyway in like 5 years it wont matter anymore
capitalist!
capitalist
it's easier to succeed with strong connections so I'd want to meet people like that
are you admitting to be a quote pretentious douche endquote
Eww
ew no
I'd want to meet people with high levels of connections
no cease
there*
thats reason enough not to go
that's why I'd want to got here
yes Echks is woke
oh lord it is
i agree
and also filled with pretentious douches, why would you go to princeton
isnt princeton in jersey
and get rejected
you see I'm not willing to take the time to apply there
it’s a tiny town with nothing
princeton then
go to like
if I get a singles dorm in college in a quiet area life will be great
frats are so wild as an academic concept i could talk about the link between fraternaties and the modern bacchanalia for ages
I'd love absolute silence in college
a tragedy
Canada doesn't have frats thank God
i feel like i need to bc i feel like if i go to a super quiet no activity campus with no options ill go stir crazy and theyll find me locked in my dorm scribbling on the walls
Yikes
hell yeah man
like
and they blast music every game day
5 frat houses around my dorm
except there’s like
yes
yeah
idk I just don't like loud stuff
the parties
it’s not hard to avoid
cant you just not go to them
like
if ur not involved ur fine
FUCK my wifi
yes
I really don't want to go to a party school I think
also
huh
umich has the largest stadium and it somehow manages to fill
schools known for parties and party kids
a college where people party a lot
the fuck is a party school
like
and people go wild for football here
me if i go to umass amherst
too much interaction
ok i’m literally at a party school but i haven’t beecto a single party or tailgate
lmao
OOOOO
shows up at hockey games
That's pretty ballsy
I see
its just a dick
yeah
i love risd so much its a shame they dont have my major
Excuse me
LOL
scrotie the scrotum
yes
did you know that RISD’s mascot i s literally a penis
also columbia university has a great campus but nyc is so terrible to live in
yup
sexy
sexy. its a sexy list
whats the word
williams sent me one of their little promotional booklets and it has all their course names and the whole thing is
i visited both but didn’t apply to either of them
I'd disagree with that
eh
connecticut is surprisingly sketchy
and princeton is in the middle of nowhere
tbh yale is in a sketchy area
it’s so irrelevant
LOL
i forget dartmouth exists
veritas?
veritas bs
pretentious fucking money bastards
better than cornell or dartmouth
I'd go to harvard if I had the chance tbh
eh
fuck harvard down into their deep bones
^
fuckkkk harvard
all of the ivy’s except harvard yale and princeton are discount ivy’s
then declare a concentration
and see what actually is good
you get time to look at various majors
brown is a glorified junior high school and an ugly color
no it’s stupid
you can pick ANY class
that's the good part of it
like
they don’t have a curriculum
i visited their campus
I see
ok like
literally a bunch of hippies smoking weed all day
fuck brown
wow
brown sucks
I'm going for that brown
highest suicide rate
nah
are u applying to cornell
i wanna go to williams but theres a Good Chance theyll reject me
I'd say schools considered conventionally good often have good networks
and ofc the major u want
u gotta go to schools with good networks
^^^
the college doesn’t always matter for undergrad
god. the FUNDS
i mean
eh I consider it an investment so that I hopefully get into a good college
like they hate my school
thats like $500
everyone got rejected though
oof
i applied to stanford and got rejected feelsbad
10 is perfectly reasonable
to be fair she was trying to get into a direct med program
and yet 10 is a resonable amount to you
I don't think I'd have the time for that unless I spent a bunch of time applying regular
the amount of money spent on application fees
dang
my friend applied to like 25
*damn* thats a lot in fees
I'm probably applying to like 10 or so
I'll probably apply there for regular decision or something
only applied to 3 total
the average high school senior applies to 5 schools
i didn’t bother applying to many places
also
yeah
Pssh Michigan is lame
i’m only here because i get in state tuition
I think I looked at that school a bit
oh
!!!!!
by that i mean, i would be Shocked if you like. wanted to go for a degree in classics or something
apply to u mich
very you
I just wanna get like 1 business degree(finance hopefully) and 1 computer science degree
I'm probably just gonna do 5 year bachelor with 1 year being coop
that's somewhat what I'm aiming for
yyeah
oh like a 5 year program?
or something like that
so I'd rather just do like a 5-6 years master plan
i dont know what to do with myself when not in academia
Yeah
doctorate sounds like it'd take too much time for me
Damn that's a lot
eh
the ultimate plan: 
- bachelors degree
- masters degree
- doctorate degree
- die
also ew canada
eh, I just plan to go to some good college near a big city for a few years then see where i go afterwards
BC is where it's at
Big mood
im too mean and loud to venture out of the northeast and my wallet ($0.00) disagrees with californias housing market
I wouldn't mind going to more northern California
so i'll probably apply to some
I just wanna get out of the northeast
pshh
oh well fuck going to california in the first place
they got rolling admissions for nov 1-30
uc schools
are there non-early action november deadlines
I've got like 2-3
One is coalition tho so I might have to write another essay
I've only got two
how many apps do u have
yeah rip
no probleM
rip in all those november 1st deadlines
thanks looshy
thanks
i remember turning in my apps on halloween noT fun
I BELIEVE IN U
TO EVERYONE THATS APPLYING
GOOD LUCK ON COLLEGE APPS
@Peacheon drums and like, one song on bass
School wifi is being an arse
Will do that soonTM
@Peacheon pi needs his roles back
Neato
Yes @pi
So it's the 31st that's a bad day
Well the deadline is Nov 1
7pm-12am
12*am
@RequiemOfTheSoul
7-12pm est on Nov 1?
Also, for anyone applying to college then, Nov 1 is a bad day
I have a dinner to go to for one of my classes
Ahh, if it’s Nov 1, I def can’t make it :c
i dont think i can make it then <:papersquid:496218778938507274> but hf
It will be between five hours long or two days long
I'm shooting for five houra
@RequiemOfTheSoul does that game only last one day/Nov 1?
okay lol
Yes, because it's open to everyone who's vaguely interested in getting a brief taste of RP, or mafia
wtf you ping @ everyone for something like that

@​everyone 
Mark your calendars for Thursday, November 1st, 7 PM, EST.

"To whomever it may concern, you have been cordially invited to Minnie's Halloween Werewolf and Mafia Night of Fun. Refreshments will be served, followed by a brief party game, where after participants will be given a card identifying them as Villager or Not, with specified 'win conditions.' The game will be simple, yet short, with only the most skilled to survive the night."

Please like (or rate) this message to indicate your interest in this, Mafiaautumn's Night's Dream: Partially Popped Edition. This will be a heavily roleplay based (nay, required), semi-popcorn, semi-vanilla game. 

IF YOU SEE THIS MESSAGE IN ANOTHER CHAT AND HAVE ALREADY LIKED IT, DO NOT RATE IT IN THAT CHAT TOO, IT SCREWS WITH MY INVITE COUNT.
>:(
why disappointed in *me*
Also rip Angela took my administration powers and I didn't even notice
I'M DISAPPOINTED IN U
PRIDE
skrim kicked me :(
Piiiiii

Definitely 👍
but even if youre going off to college honestly just keeping the lines of communication open and chatting frequently should be a huge help
if she sticks with drama the high school theater program is like. Top and so are the people in it so in my opinion it would be a good support system for later life
Yeah, I’ll try to get her to join some clubs
It kind of sucks that I’m going to college this year (and my brother next year), so she won’t have us around when she goes into middle school
idk thats all i did in middle school
theres a drama program right
There aren’t any clubs at our elementary school  ; u ;  and there are barely any in middle school
That isn't what family is supposed to be....knocking family down like that....
Would your mom let her join any extracurricular stuff or clubs or anything?
but that sucks ive definitely been in her shoes
well i mean you gotta be the support she needs rn and help her find the ones she needs right
My younger sister doesn’t have the same family members (she’s only my half-sister, and we share the same mom) nor the same friends, so I’m just worried that she might not have the supports she needs
Because, like, my self-confidence already/also fluctuates a lot, and I grew up with my mom really tearing into that, but I’ve also had other really great family members (on my dad’s side) and friends who have supported me throughout my life and help me find my sense of self
And idk.  I know she has opinions, but she never expresses them, and I really hope she doesn’t lose her sense of self eventually
Because she just gets bossed around by my mom all day
Because she’s not really a confident/assertive person
Idk I’ve always been worried about her
But like
I do usually, but I haven’t had a chance to do that yet today, since I learned about it while she was already in school
Like reassure her about everything you said above
Do you talk to your sister about it afterwards?
Thats unfortunate
Ah
But in her mind, she’s just never wrong, and that’s how it is.
Literally every time she brings it up, I try to talk to her about it
And I have talked to her about this
I do try talking to her, but she never thinks she’s wrong
And avoid the whole punching in the throat route
Talk to her
Or you could just you know
Thaaaaat sucks....
punch ur mom in the throat @Peacheon
One of these

Have her dress up in one of those giant balloon things for halloween and say "look ma ive grown"
That's fucked up
Of course she’s going to grow out of her clothes
She’s a growing kid
But like
Because of her body type
And just started complaining about not being able to fit in her old jeans anymore
And she’s like 9 years old
Which, like, she really isn’t
She’s been calling my little sister fat ever since she was little
at my mom
I’m so mad
@pi die
i stopped when joe disconnected
no
>this server is offline
tragic
have you been playing all night
my life's goal
tell me when i can play so i can fufill
ill quit everything once i find one
thats my goal in life
imma not stop playing until i find a diamond
yeah
that's really sad
I didn't know that
did you know that out of the 250,000 Georgian Jews, only 3000 still live in Georgia?
I keep getting distracted googleing stuff
idk
also why is the history homework so blurry
stop ruining the moment
that's even worse
nonononon
1540177923 ?
no one except europe does that
hey stop it
I don't have a wish though
23:11 ?
it's the time
It also wasn't a natural accent, but was taught as it was believed it could be understood by the most amount of people
what, the 30s?
Right, I forgot that that existed
Ohhhh
like newscaster 1930s advertisment?
Old-timey ?
i've grown to hate it
i found out that the old-timey american accent is called mid-atlantic accent :o
never
I SHALL STRIKE YOU DOWN PI!!
it's juicier tho
there isn't a whole lot of flavor in watermelon
theyre equal
Strawberries are better than watermelon
watermelons are mediocre >:U
"strawberries are mediocre"
That's....holy crap I do too and I typed it..
The hallow sounding bit is always kinda unreliable.
I read that as solid yellow baby
I've never understood that old wives tale, look for one with a solid yellow belly.
the good ones are the hollow sounding ones right?
thats just watermelons in general esp in the off season
You go through 8 shit melons for a good ripe one.
Hunting as in searching, just my lingo.
reee
i cant see the appeal Lo Siento
You don't try to make watermelon jerky
But I doubt I'd like it more
Just a little shake
I'd try it
I mean
You can't understand salted watermelon until you've had it
tofu*
this sounds like a lie I once told about ofu
what
watermelon hunting?
hunting a fruit
hunting
h
It's still watery watermelon with salt, it's just got a nice boost, plus watermelon hunting in Kentucky is absolutely hell, ever eat a nasty watermelon that was like bubblegum?
^^^
I don't need more salt on it to reduce all of that
with salt on it
I like watermelon b/c it's cool and thirst quenching
I mean we eat em in quarters...
if you salt it it's just a slightly watery melon
but no
Naa, gives it a nice kick.
isn't the whole appeal of a watermelon that it's juicy
that sounds unpleasant
desist
wouldn't that just shrivel it up
stop
Yup.
you salt your watermelon?
ILL RAIN WATERMELON LIKE IM GALLAGHER!!
**unless you what now**
It's not good unless you salt it
strawberries are mediocre
& peaches
watermelon is cool and refreshing
Strawberries are nicer for that imo
like i just feel that
if i was a fruit i think id be a lemon
and you're just burning to death
after a long day in the heat
cold watermelon is the greatest fruit tohave
I'd rather have any other melon
watermelon is the lamest melon
Watermelon's alright
Lemons, nahh, **Watermelon!!!**
thats fucking terrible but id be lying if i said i hadnt done the same
^
You're an alien
The fuck
I squirt it into my mouth
like
sometimes I just drink lemon juice
Lemons are great
Nectarines?
lemons.
ok, peaches are good, but high quality nectarines are just better in every way
Kiwis are Surprisingly good too.
Peaches are awesome...
but also it looks like a cat ate it and then threw up a hairball with my name in it
well the latin script is based off of greek
that kind of resembles my name
different alphabet
like
Why does greek look dumb
aλεξανδρος
im just saying
no ik what u mean
You probably know what I mean
I mean
no
Latinized form of the Greek name Αλεξανδρος (Alexandros), which meant "defending men" from Greek αλεξω (alexo) "to defend, help" and ανηρ (aner) "man" (genitive ανδρος). In Greek mythology this was another name of the hero Paris, and it also belongs to several characters in the New Testament. However, the most famous bearer was Alexander the Great, king of Macedon. In the 4th century BC he built a huge empire out of Greece, Egypt, Persia, and parts of India. Due to his fame, and later medieval tales involving him, use of his name spread throughout Europe.
My parents were probably just like, this sounds good, and then now I have a name
Idk where my real name comes from
And they became my favourite fruit
My first username was PeachLover7 bc i had went peach-picking a few days/weeks before with my Dad’s side of the family over the summer and it was really fun
Uhhh
but i dont
i should
yeah well i like cats but i dont make all my usernames cat based
I guess she just liked peaches
why peaches
Wow
Uno*
I just used it for like Uni
if we go way back my Roblox name was jedimasterbobman
I don’t regret that one
Occasionally I like using the name Mr. Postman to screw around behind the scenes.
xQueenPeachy
Other one-time things were like
what is it with yall and xs
That was one time
SHUT UP
PeachelleKuronyx
mm hm
Honestly
I always have NotJoe, NotNotJoe, CertainlyNotJoe, etc.
PvP names xD
is it it sounds like a scene teenagers myspace profile
Disagree
that's a great name
xxJoePvPxx
Ok
PeachySillyz was the best name
😦
My username comes from a camp where people were really into this game called armagetron, and my username on it was "xombie popxxicle" because I liked using the letter x in places its not supposed to be and I allso had this image in my head of a cartoonish zombified popsicle with a smile
hard to guess why
my minecraft name was Frenchiie
what does minecraft vs creepers even meean creepers ARE minecraft
My Minecraft name was PeachySillyz bc ahahah 7th grade
And it’s so funny
Same
I always forget about the latter
my minecraft username is pyrosesword bc uhhh. xd edgy pyro and roses i was 12
every time I have to log into steam I'm forced to type in that name
and minecraftvscreepers because I hate myself
my old usernames were Robinh00d2000, which I chose so people could call me Robin but not know my name was robin irl
Huh
That’s valid
stole aech's whole thing
rpo
i dont think i have a unified username on things i have like different names for most accounts
Which one?
i stole mine from a book when i was like 13
anyways I've had this username for like 7 years now
instantramen is still clever as hell
it sucks
instantramen*_ came from I liked eating instant ramen a lot and also there was this youtuber called star*_ that I really liked so I copied the underscore from his name
It’s a v pretty name !!
my birth name came from my parents not wanting my name to clash horribly with my older sister and thats about it
My username:
PeachLover7 —> PeachySillyz (kill me pls) —> Peacheon
I know my name translates to Spanish fine, but beyond that....I'm a severely American guy,dunno any other language.
my name came from my mom was giving birth and thought of it and was like yeah thats a good name
C^:
and also fitting
aw thats adorable
And she was alone in America and liked the thought of like an angel protecting her
Someone told her angel —> Angela in the hospital, I think
Anyways
Idk how to spell it, but du ?
omg thats a qt penguin
im just dumdum
but then people pronounced it as creepy-ist
i like how crepes are spelled + i liked how the suffix -ist looked
i know
ye
Also, Conroy, that’s not really how you say to read
yeah she just gave a different answer
Huh
i think my mom has lied abt what my chinese name is like twice
Ohhhh
uwwu
kànshū
Kan shu?
><
i dont have the accents
What
see im basically bilingual
Can't kan shu that
It roughly translates to angel
My name came from my first name in Chinese, which is 安琪
I think it was the martian chronicles though im not sure
Middle name, birth date....simple and easy....plus it was what I did on the Xbox when we first got into online...different than my brothers.
Ooh which one?
such a scifi name
so im destined to go to space
my real name came from the fact that my mom was reading a scifi book and one of the characters name was timothy
aye
right?
Confor
I remember that
tah dah
Hah
dragon misread it
oh i know
Sunday, October 21, 2018 — Question of the Day: 
How did you get your name? (real or online)
@​here
I’ll set it up right after I eat
Mkay
I'd rather vanilla because playing with 2 years of new updates is basically like mods
And we can have it be the latest version, so we can kind of explore the updates together
Idk if y’all want it to be vanilla or with some mods ?
It’s going to be a survival server
xd
brilliant
why not both
highschool > furry
I only join furry roleplay servers
what kind of server
i second pi's question
a good point. servers habitually fall to the wayside in General
if you plan on doing it I'd suggest doing it soon b/c whenever we've suggested this idea in the past we quickly forgot about it afterwards
minecraft server good
Also smh awake at 3 in the morning
I wouldn’t mind if it was survival
what kinda server
Truthfully would probably not use it but that's just me <:papersquid:496218778938507274>
Thinking of using Aternos to host a server
about a minecraft server
y'all feel
How do
oh I wasn't telling you really, was just checking
Sfine
yeah I'm gonna do that, sorry
and the chat deleted
yeah
can we have that conversation over there moved to here
that way people's intros dont get lost
Yes we can
also can we keep the introductions chat just for introductions
@RequiemOfTheSoul this is erica, an IRL friend of us and angela
but shrug
my guidance counselor linked it up with like the Whatever Its Called form that you have to waive your right to see your letters of recommendation so they were like. the same in my mind
Oh shit, I need to hit those boys up.

also machine apparently this is a thing
It's the thing that gives you cash for being "poor"
Wait...no that's KEES...
No
Yeah, wasn't that the thing that gave you cash for your GPA?
It literally has no bearing on a university's opinion of you
FAFSA isn't college though is the point I'm trying to make
also clearly the strat for avoiding the draft is going to college a bunch of times, joining the coast guard, or repeatedly failing the physical from taking drugs
can you imagine how sick thatd be tho
id be surprised if the noncorporeal instituition of higher learning grew a mouth and connected muscles to literally frown, yes
It's a form of receiving funding from the government
Not a college to frown on you
the Trans Thing
can I just claim I identify as a woman
Smart Move
oh
hormone replacement therapy
hormones
hrt?
It's also not a college
omegalul
gonna go on HRT so i get banned from the military
because they have better things to do
machine it's possible they just haven't taken the time to arrest you yet
Fafsa is bs
Oh
when i saw Colleges Frown Upon it i mostly mean like. fafsa
It is illegal not to register to the draft if you're able bodied within a month of turning 18.
It's not a thing. I'm in college and they haven't fussed at me for it
And yes the wartime draft is a thing
When *aren't* we?
isn't it illegal to not sign up for the draft in the us
technically were at wartime rn
I mean
tho I'd just go to canada
god damn government
so in wartime you could go to jail
and it's technically a violation of federal law
no if you don't do it you're not eligible for certain government programs
no like im p sure thats A Thing
Nope
yeah dont like male citizens have to sign up for the draft or colleges will frown upon that
No shush you enlisted
So I can now be drafted
No I signed up for the draft
Bless our troops 😤
He's out in the front lines now
Yeah he did
you enlisted in the army?
WAIT ROBIN
Yeah by voting day
Do you just have to be 18 by November?
I think I can vote in 2020
ugh millennials and not voting 😡😡
✌
Heylo  c :
<:squidwave:496224418184429578>

That's what I was checking.
good
If you don't do it within 30 days you are breaking federal law
Yes
Did you register the same year you turned 18?
Clearly you just gotta shoot off a toe so you’re considered physically disabled for the draft
I finally registered for the draft last night ):
I now choose to live my life as a woman
oh GOOD
hah drafts 😂
>you can vote for Gandalf
i wish
also echks and crep get hyped to have to register for the draft when you're 18
can't vote for another two years whee
you can vote for Gandalf and just tell them you voted for whoever they support
i mean they cant actually know
but idc
for who they want
my family will probably make me vote
I'll probably not vote just b/c I don't feel like it
rip
haha 2002 kid
but ill get judgmental speeches from family
I intend not to joe
I’m so excited to be able to vote
you can just not vote
Whaaa
pshh
yes hello can i also be young i do not like having the pressure to actually vote
uwu
she's like 1-2 years older than me
wait are you older or younger than he is
youngster
hah
i'm one year away from voting in 2020 :<
I can finally vote this year yea yeet
I’ve been registered for about half a year now, I think ?
🎉🎉🎉
yoo I'm officially registered to vote
@crepe caramel > ploopy brown
I mean, they are an indy company basically, who made it big time
They're a target
It went from ugly brown to caramel :(
Why did my name color get CHANGED
Also what does it say about your company when you have to say "Hey everyone, we're worried about getting hacked and it being our fault"
They reserve the right to change it at any time, but they're required to give you notice
"By using this service you consent...etc"
No, they can
Isn't that a thing about changing agreements
I don't think they can make the contract binding since silence doesn't constitute agreement
Quick, someone start a gofundme campaign!
Let's sue discord
raising all the eyebrows @ Discord rn
And there's only a 30 day window
Because most people won't opt out
you just end an email to that address?
so
That cant be the only thing changed that makes no sense
Why would they even change that if you could just opt out
Basically with this change if you wanted to sue discord for any reason, you would have it settled by an arbiter chosen by discord itself, which would almost certainly be heavily biased towards them. By opting out you are holding onto your right to sue

What does opting out even do though wot
oh yeah i saw someone mention that earlier
Oops didn't mean to tag everyone
From another server I'm in
@​everyone Hey guys, it's ya boy with another update. With the latest update Discord snuck in a little tidbit in their ToS called a "Force arbitration" clause. What it does is that if they done goof and leak any data or wronged you in some sort of way you cannot, as an individual, sue them for their actions. In order to actually go through a legal process, you have to go through a binding arbitrate which usually limits any sort of damage control Discord can do if you manage to win a lawsuit, not to mention going through the process usually tends to favor Discord over you. 

As for you EU people, you don't have to worry because it's not legal for companies to do this to you (Yet...). 

As for North America, they do have a way for you to opt out but only within the first 30 days after the update, which was yesterday. In order to opt out, send an email to arbitration-opt-out@discord.com and mention somewhere that you opt out of forced arbitration. Even if you do opt out, you can still choose to go through the process should that be the route that you choose. But it's always better to have a choice in these kinds of situations.

Stay safe everyone~ ohayo
can't hurt
I thought it was an update or smth
I'll just reinstall it and hopefully it'll fix itself
😭
skrim broken af
Wtf
i dont knowww
why teh fuck is it all white
w h e r e
omfg skrim
It's in battle
im blind & cant find it <:papersquid:496218778938507274> im getting used to it though so it's okay
there's a slider in the top left(?)
<:papersquid:496218778938507274>
How do
Turn off the ar
Uhh
I meant the one in battle
Overworld
Is it in the overworld or when in battle?
Red and white needle thing
I don't see it
Click the ar slider thing in the top right
It's harder to play on the bus now because I have to turn around to catch them
Does anyone know how to disable the camera swing in PokeGO?
The modem doesn't produce WiFi so that's not a problem
Yeah, because we have the router upstairs but the modem in our basement so idk
It was really dumb how simple it was actually
Oof
Yes
You just had to restart it?
huh
oh
It was in the basement and she had no clue
Idk
how'd she not know where the modem box was
Anyways, im always responsible for fixing the wifi, so when i leave rip everyone else
So ripperoni
But when the guy was walking me through it over it phone, I literally had to hold a button for 15 seconds and I was done
Ayy nice
<:GWqlabsMingLUL:398950628056891393>
And she never bothered to go with the employees when they go to reset it
But my mom didn’t know where the modem box thing was
This whole time we could have just done it ourselves
I fixed it i can’t believe
pshh
#rcn
I got verizon wifi and it works great
also that's weird angela
WiFi is back?
Yea yeet
Verizon
Comcast?
Aw
I think it’s like the third time this has happened
Every couple weeks or so, I think
Idk it keeps going down and idk why
What happened to your wifi at home?
Ahhh i finally have wifi again bc im in school
https://i.gyazo.com/63521d42dc0426ecf25acd174ccb0a75.png
when youtube is down lmao
YESTERDAY'S DREAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAMS
DEATH'S HEAD BELTS BUCKLE
Always shorts
Always jeans
Robins cold blooded
no I'm just always cold
You're *hot blooded*
the moment the temp drops below 70 I start wearing long sleeve flannels lol
The heaviest I wear until I reach the rare flannel long sleeve is a short sleeve cloth buttonup and jeans.
It was 40-50 last night and I had to switch to warmer jammies halfway through the night because I was freezing
Me
who even needs long pants and multiple layers
pshhh
I was out with a hoodie and sweats and it was great
45 degrees is fine
IS COLD
but other than that it was fine
my hands were numb afterwards
You're a stronger fella than me.
I mean I tested it out last night when it was like 45 degrees when I went out with shorts and a sleeveless shirt
rip
Thats EXACTLY what I said....and I was wrong.
I'm fine with shorts in 40 degree weather at least
rip
Okay, if anyone remembers me saying I'm comfy in 40 degree weather.....that was a dirty lie....it's near 50 degrees and I'm freezing my ass off....
I’m still shocked we have the same birthday
Oh wow
well you and angela are pretty much the same person
tsk tsk
Hey I’ve done that multiple times
peak angela performance
I was trying to plug in my laptop and I dropped the charger on my foot
In the future, my bones are just going to be aching everywhere
nice
Because I keep injuring myself in small, dumb ways
I'm going to hate my past self as an old lady
I swear to god
It's amazing
it's terrible
We’re watching this in Anime Club and what even
If you guys haven’t watched this, you haven’t truly lived
https://youtu.be/LeKHSfJa3D0
Also
Okay thanks
He just said it
The harem reestablishment program
For what?
They give them days off to invest in the harem reestablishment program
But why
no school today muahahhaha
It does not appear to say
I don’t think so, but let me check
Pretty sure it's the one thing audit log doesn't track
does audit log say
@​here Who is moving us to different voice channels?
I mean if you're going for poisonous fruits then just do nightshade
or like ackee berry since like most of it is poisonous
Or pumpkins for ease
If you wanted to kill someone with a fruit,  then use the durian. those are sharp mfers If you're not strong enough, use a pineapple as a javelin.

But, if your target is expecting someone to kill them with a fruit and is eliminating every fruit tree that they know of, use eggplants or cucumbers for the element of surprise
Dont they just think its a snake or smth
it's actually really bad for them
pls don't do that to cats
https://www.reddit.com/r/cucumbersscaringcats
why
I think Alex might be a cat
their demesne is the domain of deceit, trickery, and murder and if you aren't careful it will be adorned with your blood
Do not trifle with a cucumber for they are more cunning, deceitful, and dangerous than even spinach
They are the master of their respective biosphere
they are to fruits as lions are to the animal kingdom
cucumbers are the most durable and lethal of the fruits
You fools
Easy stabbing
Obviously you would use a banana for the kill
Plus the screams of mercy
Like I said, it gives you time to plan and savor it, Joe
One of them is bound to land it their mouth and choke them
I’d use a bunch of grapes
that takes too long though
Since it's alcohol, simply douse your victim in the deliciously sour smelling product, and put a match to them
This ale is flammable
After several months, the yeast in the air which has fallen in will have fermented the sugars, creating alcohol, or more specifically, a Belgian style ale
You could take the blueberries, mash them up, add some sugar and warm water and leave them in a relatively cool place, with the lids off of the barrels they are in
Or
WATERMELON, GALAGER THEIR ASSES!
Boom dead
Sneak some of the leaves in their food
Rhubarb
p i n e a p p l e s 🍍
You could gallop over them with a coconut
monkaS
choke them via banana deepthroating
They also taste good, and would be one of the most dramatic things to kill someone with within the fruit family
Not only do they take time to prepare, giving you time to plan the moment
I believe blueberries are the correct method
I think you're all wrong
Just drop it on them and they’re dead
That or durian
It would just do a sad flop
Somehow, I don’t think that would work
Like a boomerang
Obviously use a banana
Obvious answer
Jackfruit
But Robin and Alex disagreed
That’s what I said
Sharp motherfuckers
Also pineapple
Pineapple
October 11, 2018 — Question of the Day: 
If you had to kill someone up with a fruit, which one would you use?
@​here
No clue, you have to sign up for it first, recommend starting on PC and then moving to app after
Also, how do use app ??
Though, idk what TurboTax is
Ooh, I knew the first part
@Peacheon the people that make TurboTax make a free program called Mint

I used to use it, it works pretty well and is a good way of having an added layer of security around your bank acct
And my hand cramps fast
Because my handwriting is shit
also using an app is just more efficient
Silly millennials
Pff
Because it's easier, better for visualization, and you're less likely to lose it
Why not just a pen and notebook
Hol up budgeting apps are a thing
I’m attempting to try out Mint
Eh, it’s fine
I think you can download the doc and it will auto sync when you get data again
Gotcha
Which doesn’t always work without wifi/data
The problem with Google Sheets is that I have to open up sheets
Google sheets
And then to counterbalance that you can revolt, kill jeff bezos, and get a refund of sorts
thanks
Wow
You can buy a lot of things on it to lose your budget
It’s called amazon
Yes
Anyone have any good budgeting apps that they use ?
nice
I’m hungry now

I need a job
‘strawberry tiramisu’
‘saffron ice cream’
Hearing this discussion made me run out of money
you're a machine
it's a machine that provides you with multiple sources
Google is also nothing more than a machine
according to google
it is
I've always been told saffron is a spice
The fuck
that's definitely not an herb or a spice
Bull
heck you machine
so
wikipedia says it's a spice
also yeah
when I looked it up that's what I got
isn't saffron a spice

but it's still just a garnish that comes from a plant
just which part of the plant
it's essentially the same thing
🤔
the difference between spice and herb is so small
ive never tried it and I deem it pretentious and lame
but it looks effective
I've never tried it
also idk if sous vide is overrated
SAFFRON IS A *HERB*
isn't saffron a spice?
the best cakes are buttercream cakes
for example, sous vide is an overrated pretentious way of cooking despite it not being very popular
EXCUSE ME SOMEONE CALLED SAFFRON A SPICE AND THEY ARE BAD AND SHOULD FEEL BAD
literally the worst type of cookie besides fortune cookies
oreos are inferior cookies
popularity doesnt necessarily correlate with rating
so I don't see how it's over rated
there are so few people that get it
oreo icecream cakes are where its at
tiramisu is probably one of my favorite pastries
disagree
tiramisu is good but overrated imo
creamy desserts are the best
it feels cool and good
the creaminess is really nice
Yeah it's just not my thing
yeah
and I like the cocoa powder
and it just melts in your mouth
it's nice and creamy
that's the point
I like how tiramisu has that good coffee taste
It's too squishy for me
Ehh
also tiramisu is the greatest dessert
Like 7-8g
so I would've thought you were against it alex
Not even an ounce of saffron I'm sad
the top of tiramisu has some bitterish cocoa powder usually
agree
I actually dont like tiramisu much
why
for some reason I'd have thought you were against it
and strawberries are great
huh
tiramisu is great
mainly because of the tiramisu part
that sounds great
it was super good
good
I had strawberry tiramisu ice cream
in rome
oh yeah
the best ice cream flavors are the unique ones
saffron is a spice
isnt saffron still super expensive in france
isnt that a pokemon city
the hell is a saffron
but I don't like licorice
it was ok
I've had licorice ice cream
pshh y'all and your saffron
My family is probably going to come back from Paris with a whole quart sized bag of saffron
I just realized
Oh lord
I see
I wonder how much we got this time
Yee
More kebabs
smh
I cant successfully smuggle saffron like skrim
also why
anise is literally the worst food ingredient to accidentally bite
You'd probs like Iranian more Joe
It's for pfefferneuse
I have cardamom and rose water but not saffron
But still been there
Like once
And anise isn't for ice cream, silly
I've never had a single afghan food
Oh hey I've been there Machine
Also i have all three on stock, Joe
Smh
Are you just ignoring every Afghan dish
there's no way anise ice cream would taste good
100% gross
Bastille, in Old Town Alexandria, VA
it would be
Bruh
would that be gross
pshh
who even uses cardamom, saffron, or rosewater
I wonder if anise icecream exists
I've seen it with way more cardamon than needed
cardamom tastes delicious though
I've never seen it without
Mmm
You can have it without the cardamom
That is true saffron ice cream
Anybody ever had a 100 Grand?
lmao
I haven't had 3/4 of those ingredients you gave skrim
No
Machine
What
ive had all 3 of those but never as icecream
No not true saffron ice cream
WHAT
Yee
You can get an idea of what it tastes like
that
yes
saffron icecream is made with cardamom rosewater and saffron right?
If you've had any of those
Saffron ice cream is vanilla + saffron + rosewater + cardamom
No it's a low key buttery
don't think I'd rate it higher than sweet cream ice cream
From what I remember
yes
It's not buttery
it sounds ok then
It's also buttery
It's an almost floral taste? But not really
oh
Saffron tastes kind of floral
Saffron Ice Cream, last eaten in June of this year in the Bastille restaurant located in Old Town Alexandria, is the second greatest frozen treat I have had
It's so good
Idk pi you describe it
I'd try it
It's like
Nah
Saffron ice cream seems pretty good
is it spicy
what does saffron taste like
Ah yes
@RequiemOfTheSoul testify for me
SAFFRON ICE CREAM
And I know I'll have support on this
You wanna know what's really good
the mint worsens it for me
They're both good
Nah
but it's palatable still
mint chocolate chip is worse than regular chocolate
yeah
It makes me feel freshie
minty chocolate is worse than regular chocolate but not bad
Nooo
What's palatable
but it's a regression on just normal vanilla chocolate chip
And still lose
Then you will die
mint chocolate chip is palatable
I will defend this hill to my death
mint chocolate is good
together is bad
no
chocolate is good
mint is good
tastes like toothpaste
shut up pi
"Mint chocolate chip is nasty" shut up thaum
mint chocolate is bad
can confirm i am all three of those things
No, it's "People who dislike Pineapple on their pizza, and are generally relatively closed minded, judgemental people."
losers
great people I'd say
Respectable people
There's a special term for people who dislike Hawaiian pizza
I hate chocolate, but that's a controversial opinion (chocolate flavored stuff, not chocolate)
Mint chocolate chip is nasty
good
Yes
terrible people?
I view people who eat pineapple pizza the same way as I view people who like eating mint flavor
But I can't...
you just gotta inhale them like kirby
NOW FOR THE PLAAAANT
NOOOOOWWW FOR THE GIRL
DO IT NOWWWW
NOOOOWWW
Disgusting
just swallow them whole like a real man
I see
Like I dunno
It's gross but it feels nice
But I can't leave it inside my mouth without it touching my gums
The proper way to munch D starbursts
Yeah I did too
I used my molars to chew them and it was fine
:(
That sounds not fun
I ate them too but I sucked them instead
you just didn't master the proper way to eat candy with braces
tsk tsk
I did too
and it got stuck everwyiehrehrer
so i ate starbursts when i had braces
i never listened to the food recommendations
Have you ever had booger flavored ones?
machine knows whats up
artificial strawberry flavor is a close second
why'd they give you ptsd when you had braces
Idk earwax is pretty solid
is the best flavor
orange flavor
wrong
the best jelly bean flavors arent even fruity
I'll agree to close but they ain't jelly beans
i used to love starbursts until it gave me ptsd when i had braces
they're close enough
i just love fruity chewy stuff
but i see them as similar
yeah i didn't think they were jelly beans
They're literally labeled as Mike and Ikes
Mike and Ikes aren't jelly beans
stuff like that
mike and ikes
any jellybean
after the candy test i know now my favorite type of candy
@crepe yeah i agree
44/100
I got 53/100
uhhhhhhhhh
i didn't see the question
oh favorite type of candy?
Ahh.
that being said they're only 4g of sugar per 5 pocky
calories don't mean much by themselves
Oh and Sweettarts, they're godly.
Necco wafers I remember seeing in a dollar store.
But they have a six-pack.
They technically are...
they look like worse m&ms
Also, sixlets are severely underappreciated.
Huh, a friend played them the hell up then...
while a 6 pack of oreos is 270
a pack of pocky is 190 calories according to google
Oh they aren't?
I mean they're not that much worse for you than other snacks
They're Diabeetus sticks.
also Robin pocky's not a candy in the same way cookies and oreo's aren't candy
Plus the delinquents always crushed them up and sorta smoked them so they were definitely about...
Meh, Smarties top the batch any day.
tho
I don't feel like it's a candy
pocky's great
tsk tsk
I've never had nor seen Pockys, except on folks back at school...
ice cream? overly sweet but not portable
i view candy as something overly sweet and portable
chocolate is a candy
then
what is a candy
^^^^
It's just a snack
Chocolate and biscuits isn't candy
It's not
It is
its not candy though
It's like sugar on a stick
Why wouldn't it be?
I dont understand why pocky was considered a candy though
I got 51/100
I don't like candy that much
**EMBRACE IT!!!**
YOU MUST EMBRACE THE AMERICAN WAY!!
I got 32/100 lol
what's wrong with candy being dairy
I got 52/100 of the thing above there.
Like caramel
Lots of things that I would call candy are both diary products and not chocolate though
:>
It's a dairy product
How is chocolate not candy
Or sour patch kids
I don't count chocolate as candy so probably gummy bears
Wtf stop that
so like snorting pixie sticks or dipping snickers in mayonnaise
You know how to tell when ones your favorite candy? When you eat it weird.
best chocolate candy was chocolate truffles
I personally gotta say 3 Musketeers.
you're just too young to understand
dark chocolate's great
dark chocolate is the worst candy
pff
and go down so quickly
they're so easy to eat
evil
pixie sticks are just sugar
dark chocolate
pixie sticks are the most downable candy
tsk tsk anklea you gotta step up your game

sour gummy worms are top tier in terms of gummy candy
what a scam
all those candies and it didnt even list the infinitely superior sour gummy worms

per lifetime?
Per what
4 is the optimal number of walls to run into
But it was really fun
Good
I ran into at least 4 walls
I was so hyper
Oh no
Oh
You’re already so hyper
This was when I was in elementary school too
I can’t imagine you high on sugar
Alex what the heck
and then I went rollerblading
They’re good, but I would get better ones if given the option
and then I ate it all in about 5 minutes
I once spent 10 dollars on just pixie stix
Low tier candy
Yeah, they're so good
It literally just tastes like powdered sugar but flavoured
I haven't had any for a while though
I used to love pixie stix
I forgot pixie stix existed
If any of y’all beat me, ill be upsetti
https://www.listchallenges.com/100-popular-candies/checklist/
Nice

Also v unfortunate names here

get some
Buy some
I don't have any
Please bring them in !!!!
that looks good
I think I’ve had them before but i don’t remember
Oooh
These are super good

I really like chocolatey creamy stuff or anything with caramel
Reece’s Peanut Butter Cups are also yum
https://goo.gl/images/KGjZpC
And Whoppers
These
https://goo.gl/images/Wk4DbM
I love the Andes mints
and i realized that im just a sucker for all things chocolate
I’m trying to find my favourite
Anyways
Halloween Cosplay Contest — everyone has to bring in a candy of their choice
I KNOW
OH
You’ll have to give me some sometime
Huh
https://goo.gl/images/441w6s
Eh
TASTED LIKE HEAVEN
CAME INDIVIDUALY WRAPPED IN WAX PAPER
THEY ARE AMAZING

THESE
y’all are going to have to link pictures of these (if you can :P)
I CANT FIND THEM ANYWHERE
ooo:
sour candies
those old willy wonka styled clementine flavored gummies
I’ve never heard of that before
Oooh
What is that
Personally, chocolate/creamy > fruity candy, but i think it also depends sometimes on my mood
Sunkist fruit gems
October 9, 2018 — Question of the Day: 
What is your favourite type of candy?
@​here
seems legit
why is this real
https://www.bbc.com/news/av/uk-45650976/meghan-closes-a-car-door
waking up in the afternoon
wow what a nerd
Good afternoon everyone ^^
I am awake
Hello it is i
agree
Agree
Absolute and utter agreement
Heavily disagree
What the heck is that
Tentative disagree
This is an objectively good picture
There is no room for opinion
Opinions?

uh oh
dId sOmEonE sAy ShReK
nvmm
@​here does anyone wanna watch Shrek 2 (or 1)?
Actually I vaguely remember you saying that
Woah
Also Josh from Drake and Josh is a soon-to-be father :’)
I loved icarly
FREDDY
No, I said it
I have no memory of saying this
or talking about
Anyway, idk what im doing anymore
I have big regrets in my life
I think it was Robin
I think i once accidentally told someone that we were lactating instead of fermenting
It seems silly to me
I like it idk why
To ferment is a funny term
You know
esp when we’re not looking
(like quadruples)
Because it probably multiplies
Honestly, someone write a book on the glitterpocalypse
Glittery eyeshadow seems like a pain to get out yeah
And glitter just magically spreads and never gets off
Aw no
But im v bad at it
I tried to teach myself how to use eyeshadow
Why did you have glitter on your face
Bleh, I just spent four whole minutes trying to wipe all the glitter off my face
Idk anything about the movie except teenage super hero high school
Sky High?
clearly sky high is the best disney movie
I knew the lyrics to* all of the songs from the movie at one point
HEART
MY
STRUCK
STARSTRUCK
YES
@Peacheon we bought the soundtrack on itunes
I REMEMBER STARSTRUCK
WHAT
thanks google answers

maybe I misgoogled
oh
She's not married
Wherest
Miranda Cosgrove is married ??
I see
Sorry, I saw Miranda Cosgrove and Noah Centineo together and I got distracted
nice
Awh

so is miranda cosgrove
Whaaat
some more stuff to make you feel old is freddy from icarly is married now
He was v sweet and emotional
Because he was a sweet guy underneath
Except his character really wasn't a Chad
disney channel had the original chad and stacies
that's great
"Chad Dylan Cooper"
I forgot his name was actually Chad
nice
Omg
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sonny_with_a_Chance#Characters
He was the "Chad" of the show
Dang, now I feel old
what roles did he have again
He's from Sonny with a Chance
Sterling Knight is 29 years old now
who's that
well disney channel and disney xd

Omg
also I feel like the disney channel shows were way better than the movies
huh
Plus, Sterling Knight was from Sonny with a Chance
And I thought it was v cute
Because the songs were so good
This was one of my favourite movies
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Starstruck_(2010_film)
I watched it like ~2 or 3 years ago ?
Though, I watched it outside of my Disney phase
I watched radio rebel which was ok
I liked Radio Rebel a lot
Oh yeah
has the mean popular girl explicitly called stacy
also i'm entertained by the fact this one movie I watched

eh
Camp Rock was good
huh
This movie was my first "omg it's chinese culture in media" hype
I remember that
oh yeah
Oh heck yes
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wendy_Wu:_Homecoming_Warrior
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pixel_Perfect
I've never watched any of those
Have you seen Pixel Perfect?
Which ones?
indeed
MhmmMM
i'm getting disappointed at how many of these I'm realizing I've watched
Now that reminds me that I have to rewatch it
That was such a good movie
Yessss
I watched princess protection program
I haven't either, but that tends to be a popular one
no
Have you ever watched the Even Stevens?
yeah I watched that
Yes, High School Musical
Halloweentown
huh
oh high school musical is one
Okay, let me name ones that I've watched
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Disney_Channel_original_films#Disney_Channel_Original_Movies
As opposed to being weird in an R way
Miley Cyrus being weird but in a G way
right
you're kidding me
???????
what in the world were disney channel original movies
From the script
Joe doesn't watch Marvel movies
Which was struck
With the exception of Inc Hulk
I grew up on Disney Channel Original Movies
They've owned Marvel since the MCU
Started , Joe
Like *a lot*
do they
Disney has a lot of original movies that are live action
What really
Star Wars
that's a more recent acquisition though
Marvel
huh, only really knew that disney made animated stuff
Yes
Yes
isn't it a biographical movie
I was surprised that it was a Disney movie for some parts
While also giving you a glimpse of what life is like in a large(?) town in Uganda
Very feel-good and heart-warming
is was so sweet and v good
Just finished Queen of Katwe
the one and only
yes
Punchcat?
nah i was planning on making my PUNCHCAT profile all night anyway lul
<:papersquid:496218778938507274>
unless youre gonna sleep then
shore
not now a bit later?
hmm
any
what time?
me
who wants to watch shrek 2
yo
SHREK?
FIONA?
She's so pure and humble
I love Phiona
Ohh
that way they can go over the game later
it's just notation
they're recording their moves and their opponent's moves
What is that ?
@Xompop While playing chess, they're writing stuff down
Also, yess do that
Smart
okie dokie
Ah
I can't right now because my dad wants me to finish up my homework before tomorrow
Want to watch it with me?
Yeah
?
Do you have Netflix?
what it's made by disney
cool
Yeah, it's based off of a real story !
She competed for the Ugandan national chess team during the chess olympics
But it's sweet so far
I'm only 20 mins into the movie, so idk how it is yet
Oh, I think I know about her
The protagonist is a girl named Phiona
It's a sweet Disney movie set place in Uganda about kids playing chess
What's that
It's v nice
Watching Queen of Katwe rn
It deserves them
that's a lot of exclamation points
posted by Echks
https://youtu.be/TJ5bZuUlftI !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
if you're looking for a song with spook vibes
yo guys
Here  @cynthia

Dogs > cats
Cats> dogs
I just spent an hour looking at dog pictures
Does anyone here have a dog
Oooooo
Also, apparently, To All The Boys I’ve Loved Before is a 96% on Rotten Tomatoes ooo:
Ah ripperoni
Rip I'm at Mom's house so I can't join
I’m thinking maybe a Marvel movie or two ?
We should watch some movies today

No because I can't see them on Android
These are so great
🤦🏻‍♀️
🤨
Can I use this instead of the thinking emoji
🧐

Ripperoni
So cute

These are all so cute owo
🧙🏻‍♀️🧙🏻‍♂️🧝🏻‍♀️🧝🏻‍♂️🧛🏻‍♀️🧛🏻‍♂️🧟‍♀️🧟‍♂️🧞‍♀️🧞‍♂️🧜🏻‍♀️🧜🏻‍♂️🧚🏻‍♀️🧚🏻‍♂️
no
the guava candy is better
these are far better than the guava candy
Oh eh those are alright
these cynthia

guava
oh
THE GUAVA CANDY YES
they create like gases which go up and like dissolve in all the stuff in your intestine and its bad or something
that and the trashy guava candy
what's that
clearly the og asian candy is white rabbit candy
yeah
it's literally not having the right kind of bacteria in your stomach to digest it
etc.
never had cow tales
diarrhea
stomach cramp
like gas
yeah
you just digest it badly
I consider slight intolerance to lactose to just be like later after you ate something with lactose
that makes more sense
it's cow tales
wait
Do you just feel sick when drinking it
What happens when you're lactose intolerant
the candy
like
Cow tails are so good
creaminess is always good
yeah
b/c it added milk which increases creaminess
when I looked it up it sounded better
kind of like caramel
it's this sweet milky thing
dulce de leche isn't ice cream
that's why
it's trash
Wtf why did so many people say no for pineapple on pizza
r
then it's way bette
oh
yes it's ice cream
it sounds like it adds creaminess
dulce de leche sounds way better
caramel will always be better
dulce de leche is just pretentious caramel
and good
and it's so sweet
the only time caramel is appropriate is dulce de leche ice cream
it's best when it's kind of chewy
best bars
mars bar fruit and nut and toblerone
caramel is perfect
what
caramel is overly sweet
Caramel is so good
no
the best use for chocolate are those chocolate caramel things
ferrero rocher chocolate is also great
but like
I don't know any brands
i agree
lindt truffles are the best
eh
but dark chocolate is like a brick of graphite
lindt
toblerone
like, milk chocolate melt on your tongue
fav brand of chocolate???
dark chocolate has an annoying texture
vs milk chocolate which just has the simpleness of the copious amounts of sugar
milk chocolate is the fun of the party
yeah but dark chocolate is no fun
you get to taste the complexity of the cocoa
there's more complexity
its tough but its got a heart of gold
and so
the more mixed something is the greater the entropy
because it loves you
That's the opposite of complex, actually
how it is
dark chocolate tells you the truth
vs milk chocolate which is diluting it with copious amounts of sugar
you are tasting the pureness of the cocoa
dark chocolate just has so much more complexity
pi what if I'm already a fatass
its not fake, it wont lie to you with sweet words like milk chocolate would
it's so much worse
nice
bitter
stop
more complex
no
its like
but dark chocolate tastes better
also, milk chocolate has a better taste quality to health detriment ratio
i will gladly become a fatass for this cause
no fuck that i want to just eat a greater amount of milk chocolate
psh who cares about calories
I'd rather eat less milk chocolate than a greater amount of dark chocolate
that's true but dark chocolate puts on less pounds
Dark is chalkier and more bitter
It's creamier and sweeter and just better
milk is so much better
I like milk better than dark tho
whaaat both are good
but if you don't pick milk I'll be disappointed
pick a side
that shouldn't be allowed
Ok, to all the people who put both for the milk vs dark chocolate question
you're lactose intolerant?
that's irrelevant
stop talking you don't even have all the questions answered
wtf
smh cynthia what a copycat being born in the same city as me
I approve of question 16
this is the third time i've impersonated someone else like a fiend
goddamn it I swear the boxes move around
Jk
the text wont turn black o h
put info in them?
how do I make the boxes non gray
clearly you gotta put your data in the spreadsheet
oh
Everyone is so tall
I feel insecure
fun
whats the genetic traits thing for
We checked the weather radar thing and around us was the only rain
what does that even mean
Apparently there is one cloud in Massachusetts and it's over me
What are you on about
It’s not raining
It's a random Saturday night???
It's raining???
Someone just set of a firework???
It was okay!
@Peacheon WHAT DID YOU THINK OF THE TEST
*N* *Y*
yeah me either i just have to make sure ive established yankee superiority since theyre playing a series
-peachy
"MY 👏 ORPHANS 👏 HAVE 👏 NOTHING 👏 TO 👏 DO 👏 WITH 👏 THIS"
Anyone want to play anything or just sit in call with me and Joe?
Idk what to do now
I’m finally home after 2 hours of walking
Also, thanks to everyone who wished me good luck !! <33
but ill fight you over it
Honestly, I don’t watch the Red Sox or sports at all
@bepis you’re wrong and how dare

boston red sux
Gl!!
good luck peachy
oh good luck
Yes
But I got my friend to do it for me
Is that today
Oh jeez
I realized that I forgot to print my SAT confirmation ticket
Sorry
they say self realization is the first step to enlightenment
ah, that is good
I just realized
Heck
^
Or the state
Just because I won't be here doesn't mean I don't want what's best for the city
I don't need to know any local politics because by the time I'll be able to vote, I probably will already have left
yes
am I the pope or a liberal
why even live
liberals are no fun, no killing *and* no ass?
what are you, the pope?
everything
what's wrong with killing and ass
i agree
they only care about killing and ass
this is why nobody likes socialists
i am going to guillotine your ass
clearly we need more ancaps
yuck, they're all normal politic people

no problem a ghost
thanks skrim
ProblemO
O
Problem
No
got it thanks machine
She's in Boston
*googles peachy's local election news to find any commie candidate(s)*
Aren't you guys going to be leaving for college, probably elsewhere, soon enough anyways though
I should do the same
(either tmr or the day after)
I'm going to make it my goal to learn more about it
And I don't know much about local politics
So, I can vote this year
Oh no :c
Actually it's a quote from Prof Oak
I can’t believe angela is patient zero again
Right now I have a sore throat and a headache and just an overall feeling of sluggishness
Maybe you got me sick?
Oh yeah, you said you had a sore throat earlier today
Did I get you sick
Oh no
If you’ve studied a fair bit already it might be more worth it to just relax at this point
-Pokemon
"There is a time and a place for everything, but not now"
Like what the heck body? You don't get sick very often but you chose now, the most inconvenient of all times?
Hopefully my body stops being dumb and fixes itself
But I have to study for the SAT tomorrow
Like sick
I feel bad
where are my flowers

also
and I'm picking up more things
I'm replaying it
Nevermind
oh if ur still stuck show me the last emails and docs you got
Not sure
or was it broken
wait so was your issue that you forgot to do something
I'm going to reinstall it rn
I should play that again
Oh yeah
orwell currently blowing my mind
You darn hooligan
no u
You fool
exactly
If not being like Joe means you have to like pineapple pizza, then I will always want to be Joe
the more of a baby and loser you are
the more like alex you are
alternatively
Well, you see, you like pineapple pizza and a great way to determine how cool you are is by comparing yourself to Joe. The less like Joe you are, the cooler you are
more like you're physically impaired if you like it
Youre physically impaired if you dont like it
Yes
tongue
yes
Is liking pineapple pizza physical?
Thats physical
What if my greatest fear is seeing myself in the mirror
^
I feel like we're going for more physical characteristics here so the new categories are ehh imo
It's now alphabetical c":
the knave
I blame Angela
let me at em
godammit who's moving shit everywhere
I don't think babies can be insubordinate
good
wow the truth has returned
this is your punishment for insubordination
that's probably a crime somewhere
First I was a "baby" and now I'm a "babbie?"
Consistency
second of all
First of all, I'm rebelling
@Xompop
tsk tsk
wow I see this future name is a lie now
ok
your current name can't lie
I'm not a baby
i haven't eaten pizza in weeks this discussion is making me crave it
you're a dang baby babbex
if I was born on time I would be in college rn
Ok, but you're still old
I was 2 weeks late
I did
I procrastinated on being born?
the two cardinal sins
and you procrastinated
like you were a fan of pineapple pizza
sorry you had a bad moral compass from the start alex
You were exposed to the burning citrus of the pineapple, causing your taste buds to be distorted
that pointed me in the right direction
but I still had a good moral compass
And I didn't even know what pineapple and pizza were
And I couldn't even talk yet
left or right eye dominant is skrims new yanny or laurel
so that may be you
As soon as I was born I was like, "Wow, this pineapple pizza tastes great"
apparently a small group of people don't have one
Okay now it's when I close my right eye wtf
Liking pineapple pizza is one, innate, and two, correct
in this christian server
^^
not allowed
oh boy
no
something something broken arms?
agre uwu
🔥
your mum is an acquired taste that came from mistakes
Thaum I once respected you
Shut
pineapple on pizza is an acquired taste that came from mistakes
Oh Echks im sorry I didnt know you had commie genes
Okay I tried it again, it moves with both eyes but it moves less when I close my left
he can't help it
pff, that's because of his genes he can'
Pineapple pizza is amazing
LOL
ECHKS IS A COMMIE AND JOE THINKS CILANTRO TASTES LIKE SOAP
heck you
HOW
agree
echks and joe are the only respectable people here
i'm disgusted at the amount of people in this chat who like pineapple pizza
It's across my room
It was
Yeah
it should be contained in the triangle
was it far away?
LOL
It moved both times
-__-
Yeah I did that
Same Looshy
Unless I'm not paying attention
one eye at a time
i don't have eyes
Every time I blink stuff moves
Neither of my eyes are dominant then
STOP THIS
IM BEING CENSORED
make a triangle at something far away, close each eye, whatever eye is open without moving the thing out of the triangle is dom
literally 10s
Too much effort meh
https://www.allaboutvision.com/video/dominant-eye.htm
basically you focus on something in the distance
What is eye dominance
When your hairline is like a v
lil triangle hair forehead

No :(
also whats a widows peak
were you crusty
Someone in 7th grade called me crusty
What was that pic
the proper adjectives are crusty or squishy
Its something ridiculous
wtf is wet or dry earwax
Pineapple chicken pizza best pizza
smh I always knew angela was this type of person
You are not excused
Excuse me
Peachy just casually selling our info to advertising agencies
and just want to eat pure sugar
pineapple is just something when you don't want to enjoy the pizza
It's good because the sweetness of the pineapple blends really well with the more salty/savory taste of the rest of the pizza which gives the entire dish a greater level of nuance and sophistication. Pineapple increases the caliber of the pizza so much that pineapple pizza is essentially just god pizza. This is something that loser plebs won't ever be able to understand.
pineapple is more tangy than bbq sauce smh
but
the pineapple just adds pure gross sugar
the bbq sauce at least has tanginess
bbq chicken pizza is my second favorite
bbq chicken pizza is far better than pineapple pizza
heavy disagree
as opposed to bbq chicken pizza for example
pineapple sweetness is a nice sweetness
sweetness just doesn't belong on pizza
The sweetness just overpowers the tomato
I don't get how people like pineapple pizza though
heavy disagree
no
ok, now we have a problem because raw peppers are just better than cooked ones
Fight me
I dont like bacon
it can never be overkill
Nah meat lovers is overkill
meat lovers pizza tastes dry
caramelized onion and cooked bell peppers
meat lovers pizza is the best
I agree with Robin's pizza choice
and pineapples are conditionally terrible on pizza
I just eat mushroom pizza though
Interesting
pineapples with bell pepper?
olives are terrible
OLIVES ARE GOOD
Olives are gooood
dude bell pepper, onion, and pineapple is the best pizza combo
No
olives are bad
But pineapple is still good
Olives, bell peppers, onions, pepperoni is better than pineapple imo
when you really think about it clearly that's what started the eugenics movement, just to get rid of it
if you don't like pineapple on pizza, you're probably just a bad person
Pineapple on pizza is great but not the best
if pineapple pizza appreciation is genetic
like
Pineapple on pizza is the only way to go
RISE UP FELLOW KNIGHTS OF PINEAPPLE
😩
yeah we were talking about garbage pi

DID SOMEONE SAY PINEAPPLE ON PIZZA
also yeah pineapple on pizza = a solid no
pineapple has that unpleasant numb feeling on your tongue after eating it
If anything, whether you like supreme pizza should be debated. Pineapple on pizza = ❌
it's like, all acidic and stuff
but pineapple is just better
honeydew is pretty good
honeydew melon's way better
Watermelons are way worse
watermelons way better
Disagree
it's the best melon
pineapple is great pretty much anytime
Pineapple on pizza is great
Blocked Thaum
Wow
Hella prettyy
muh eyes
If they respond yes, I don't become friends with them
The first question I ask people is 'do you like pineapple on pizza'
I had to stare into a lamp to get this
DIE
NO
YES
totally genetic
no
That is
What about pineapple on pizza
I vote for asking whether people taste soap for cilantro or no
You cant really see it
what other questions should we do
Well, your googled eye is hella pretty
show the world
i'm sure your eyes are good skrim
well just post a pic of your real eye
rip
Okay
Heck
^
Oh
yea
i thought she pulled that from google or smth
No it's from google
is that actually a closeup of skrim's eye
Aw
also thats a pretty good looking eye
YOUR EYES ARE SO PRETTY
SKRIm
SKRIm
I think that's hazel
Ooooh
Or both??
oh
Is it green with heterochromia or hazel?
Mine is like this
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
outie belly buttons scare me
mine is more green tho
hazel is greenish brown
welll if you can't tell it's probably hazel
hazel leans to brown a bit I think
oof
No
isn't it?
what
Wot
green is hazel
I can't tell if it's green or hazel
No I
look in a mirror
Okay I'm not exactly sure what my eye color is
and switched names up
wtf i thought outies were just a different type of innie apparently
yes
the hole is innie?
because it goes in
imo
it either has to be a beard or shaven no fuzz
the whole is innie
JIHADIST
LOL
is the one where it's just a hole an outtie
beards are cool
I would grow a beard but my mom calls me a Jihadist whenever I do
and which one's an outie
which button's an innie again
TESTOSTERONE
hell yes joe
AROOOO
facial hair is for REAL MEN
I believe in cleanly shaven all the way
uwu
shut up twinky
agree
neither
all facial hair is bad change my mind
ah yes the classic middle eastern stalin-stache
I meant on other people but that works too
Mustaches make me think of my dad and his looks like a caterpillar
well either way
or do you mean on other people
mustaches are itchy
beards
Mustaches or beards
Okay another question
that sounds wrong tho
neckbeard literally just means an untrimmed beard now
wat
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1CCtnRw-tEOTmfqAlMu-8Jhtuyl2kCJ6rxx4xI62uSEU/edit?usp=sharing
so I have no idea where it is on a normal person
like the only idea I have of one is the stereotype on fat people
i remember someone saying they can actually look nice if they dont belong to a neckbeard neckbeard
no he isnt
jordan peterson is an ideological neckbeard
not necessarily
does anyone have an image of a neckbeard done right
no it's more like below the chin
does a neckbeard have to be around the adam's apple area to be considered one?
attcagattagccaaggtca
for a guy
set it up uwu
jordan peterson isnt even a neckbeard
y
Because that would be hella cool
that would be cool peachh
jordan peterson whee
hello there i am neckbeard
no its cafe mocha
Can we make a spreadsheet of all of our genetics and compare
middle eastern is white
Extra White
women are property
source: hello
Okay so
no you can have a non white neckbeard
so extra white??
got em
but neckbeards are already white
LOL
like white neckbeards
i read that as whitebeards
this is racism
:)
<:papersquid:496218778938507274>
yeah what im getting out of this is that im a geasy mofo and asians are like whiteboards with no imperfections
echkscuse me
dumbass, maybe
> skrim
> fatass
No D:
😭
So you're telling me because I'm a fatass I'm also a dumpster
wtf
Yea yeet
that might be why all of my family members were like what's deodorant
also less fat in the earwax which makes it drier
O
It's just you being a stinky boi
interesting
ohh
yeah
there's less fat in the sweat so there's less bacteria
how do genes have anything to do with it then
Probably wet then?
I don't see how B.O. is genetic
Huh
Yea
Statistically, dry
i would say it's moist owo
isnt body odor caused by bacteria or something or another
Yeah, it's p nice
idk if i have wet or dry
how
if it reduces body odor that sounds nice
That's nasty <:papersquid:496218778938507274>
I was doing some research and so apparently most east asian people have dry ear wax, and that same gene also reduces body odor
but its better
Stop
Ewww

the correct adjectives are crusty and squishy
Do you have wet or dry earwax?

Yes
(credit to Robin)
A better question is are y'all innies or outties
^^
And ~70-80% of East Asians
wet and dry are such bad adjectives 
"yeah I have fucking orange juice in my ears" 
or 
"yeah I have some sand up there"
do you call play doh wet
And it's recessive
mine's like sand and gravel
Apparently it's in your genes
Okay so
Play doh
Mine's like
If it's squishy, it's wet
a between
no
soft
no
So wet
Okay
but not wet
OKAY
I'M SO CURIOUS
I'd describe it as squishy and viscous
WHAT DO YOU HAVE
not completely dry nor soaking wet
ALEX
I see
yeah it's more gooey
Wha
between
Like idk how to describe it
it's like
pi do you have like goo in your ears
It's just not wet
Uhhh no but
do you like have sand in your ears
I mean, we don't *have* to
How can earwax even be dry
not
is it
Nonon it's important
Discuss this
what is that question
ew
We
Must
Really?
tbh
probably Robin
Why
i dont fucking know i'd call mine dry
alternatively: are you east asian
It's an important question okay
what
peachy why would
What
what the fuck
Same
dry
@​here
October 4, 2018 — Question of the Day: 
Do you have wet or dry earwax?
what
GUYS
you know what i'll take it
it's pink ectoplasmic goo
sure it does
my role color really does not match the spooky aesthetic
<:papersquid:496218778938507274>
silly skyrim
nvm makes sense
no, that's be post-conception
oh prior
@Instantramen_ isnt it 9 months
happy birthday!!
happy 3 months prior date of conception
That’s not the day of conception, i don’t think
happy day of conception
Happ brith
It’s @E r i k’s birthday today !!!!
i see
I just lost track of it and now it's gone
I didn't throw anything away
tsk tsk
alex you shouldn't throw stuff away until the end of the semester at least
had to redo/actually do over half of my homework for the semester in a couple days
oh god my english teacher freshman year did that at the end of the first semester
If she had let us know what she wanted us to do with our homework sooner, then I probably would still have everything
Hey
Aleeeex
Oh yeah, she wants us to turn it all in when we have our test but I lost track of a lot of my homework sheets already
WHAT
Dear Lord it's been a month of school and my physics teacher only gave us her homework guidelines / expectations today
Just different versions
They're the same textbook, dingy
Mine is by the same author lmaooo

Oh my god
i'm looking at some of the questions in the textbook and they were exactly the ones on the test
oh my god
every new unit, she gives us a reading guide for each chapter

our textbook is this
We don’t use it either but our homework is from the textbook
Oh
we havent used our textbook
Do you guys use the openstax college physics textbook too
yeah
@crepe was your test formatted like MC and then FRQ
MATH!!
*hisses away*
but you're right all the others make perfect sense except that one LOL
i mean it's kinda neat to see how those equations exist
that equation doesn't really mean anything to me in my head so it's more confusing than doing it myself
:(
the first equation is the worst for me
there are plenty of ways to figure out time imo
when you aren't given time
^
the top right one is terrible I don't know when I'd ever use it
oh
^^

or can you just solve it through any method you can think of
what are there specific equations you have to follow?
uhhhh
i agree too, but i just followed her word because it wasn't on the ap physics equation table anyways
that's a perfectly fine one wtf
what are the main equations again
i think it was displacement = average velocity * time
uhh
the squared one?
we were taught the fourth one too, but she said that it was inaccurate and that it would be better to use two equations which made me really confused lol
also they're such a pain because I'm bad at arithmetic
we have 4 kinematic equations
yeah
Did you only use the three main equations
rip
kinematics wasn't really math-y; i mean you had to use a lot of equations to find characteristics of motion, but my teacher said that 'this is the most math that we will use all year'
this is my teacher's test 😤
pff that's the **COLLEGE BOARD**
DON'T THEY MAKE YOU NOT DISCUSS IT AFTER
OY
@cynthia reading position-time/velocity-time/acceleration-time graphs, finding distance/displacement and velocity from a graph, kinematic equations, objects in freefall, and instantaneous velocity
No it's the physics of things kinetic and math
or do you have to do anything else
is ap physics kinematics just a bunch of math stuff
WHAT DID THE TEST TEST YOU ON @crepe @crepe
fun
MY AP PHYSICS 1 KINEMATICS TEST IS THIS FRIDAY
You're welcome
and @cynthia ap physics 1, 1D kinematics
thank you all :D
@crepe AP PHYSICS 1? C? 2?
<:baldysquid:496224582743883777>
Grats Thaum!!
🎉 🎉 🎉
Congrats !!!!
nice
I yelled when I saw it update <:witchpachi:496202398314921984>
I got a 32/32 on my AP Physics unit test !!!
probably an innocent assortment of letters put that way by coincidence by the shop owner
I noticed it because I was gonna change it but it was already changed
And i just looked at it in horror
An accomplice, eh
Robin pointed it out
I can confirm
It was though
"""""already like this"""""
if it wasn't already that I would've done it
so me and Angela went to Marshalls and found this already like this
Like “ba-kay”
NEED TO GET SOME MURICAN IN YA.
He thought it was pronounced “ba-ke”
That he forgot what the word “bake” meant
clearly he gets it from you
is so much of a weeb
My brother
I can’t believe
Olay hold up bc i don’t have the game pulled up rn
and also what are your objectives in the top menu
whats the most recent email you have?
Episode 2 ?
guess you forgot to do something anklea tsk tsk
ill look back at what i have and see how you do it
i think you have to trigger a phone call or message convo where this guy fixes the website
Because I literally went on every website at least 3 times and couldn’t find anything
You have to teach me what to do
I was on ep 2
Huh okay
Ah
also by pm i mean prime minister
i just dont remember exactly what i did at that part
when the thought website was hacked? i'm on episode 4 rn and i remember that you didnt have to do anything on the blog until it was reverted back to normal
umm
rip
and I couldn’t
But I had to go look up a tutorial, and it said that clicking that thing was the next step
you might've missed something or it was a very specific error then
There was nothing on it
But I clicked through every website at least 3 times
when you looked it up did anyone else report the issue
Either that or I may not have explored all my options
probably
Which is an error on their part, I think ?
So there was just no way for me to move on
But to move on, I needed to click something on that website
It was part of the plot that one website got hacked in the game
until I got stuck in the game
Also, it was fun
The PM?
playing it rn and the pm looks like trump
https://www.reddit.com/r/GameDeals/comments/9l308i/steam_orwell_keeping_an_eye_on_you_free100off/?st=JMTGK833&sh=d86274dd this is a free singleplayer game on Steam and apparently it's p good
Ye
presidential alert
How is that a mood
Oh mood
C-3PO's in my econ class

I had ravioli for lunch today
Guys I’m shook
dude yesterday I had ravioli and tortellini for dinner
Same happened today w/ tortellini
The other day the image of fresh hot ravioli came into my mind out of nowhere and then a moment later I felt like I could taste it
Oh are we talking about cravings
OJ pulp.
What
pulp is like this monchy thing where little civilizations go to sleep
pulp is the best
pulp is the worst
I will ❤️
Give me one ;c
I bought 3 cartons
I’m craving orange juice too
Like kind of squishy and prone to lysing
Excuse me??
It's like what I imagine blood cells would be like if they were larger
^
Pulp isn't munchy
munch munch
its like
but i like it
I'm fine without it
i luv it
pulp is great
Idc about pulp so either
chicken wings or some like specific curry
yeah I mostly crave like
The best way to eat orange juice is to freeze it into a popsicle
Pulp or nah
Orange juice
Cold
But yeah
Or like 3 cups
A lil OJ?
Now I’m craving orange juice
Idk maybe I’m just craving sugar and fruit at the same time and this is what my mind is stuck on
It’s for artificially flavoured ones
Because it’s not for actual strawberries
Because she feels fake
Strawberry ice cream
Why does it have to be artificial
I guess it’s more strawberry + dairy rn
You've never had strawberry milk?
That's kinda generic
strawberry *milk?*
Or like strawberry milk
Like a strawberry milkshake
that sure is specific
that uh
Right now, I have a craving for anything that’s artificially flavoured strawberry
define "very specific"
Anyone ever get weird cravings for very specific foods ?
Motivation comes in simple ways, for me it's cash, moolah, big bills....~~THE BILLS REV MY ENGINE~~...and therefore push me onward.
But it happens from time to time
Motivation is hard
I need motivation to life
its spooky season lads
Theeeere we go gents...
LEMME CHANGE IMAGES DAMMIT
YOUR SOULS ARE FORFEIT
BUT BOO
A scary anubis
What's that? o:
BOO
It's  S P O O K Y
How is that halloween related though?
swiggity swaggity name right there woah
yes
o h
how about this
nice
Close -- so close to spoop
e
ya yeet
mood
Accurate face
so great
@Choices love your name omg
oh
oj
it was scary to angela and alex
that isn't even scary
That
No
also profile pictures are for chumps
clearly this is much better
you really need a profile picture
tsk tsk
You're welcome <:squinkyface:496200395715248128>
Very creative !
wow
nice username joe
yes
nice
shit
oh
it's not
hec you
is this an event
i opened pokemon go for the first time in two months and instantly caught a shiny eevee
<:hiya:496224418184429578>
<:baldysquid:496224582743883777>
Interpret it as you will
I'm not sure what I meant by that actually
like heels ?
Pumps
If you had a family of pumps, would they all be pump kin?
Cynthia, be Spookia
Oh heyoo o:
|\\\|///|||||//
Hello
Or you could instead appreciate the shear brilliance of it
So I have a personal vendetta against the book
and my brothers made fun of me for this
Like, the title and the author could be switch so that it could be interpreted as a count of monte cristo writing a book called Alexander Dumbass
BECAUSE YOU ARE INCOMPETENT
IT LOOKS LIKE DUMBASS
@Mito come explain why you like the Count of Monte Cristo
I DON'T CARE HE IS DISRESPECTFUL TO ALEXANDER DUMAS
Alex, be wary of where you think about walking
Also you haven’t heard his story yet
Wait no
Okay
what
No thank you
Yes
Can I kill Alex?
Omg alex this story
I think
Samhain is the gaelic festival that halloween is based on
Angela?
...
Also, Robin, I don’t get your name
and I don't like that
The count of monte cristo is bad because the author is a guy called Alexander Dumas
I like it !
Eyy
And I read the Count of Monte Cristo in French
No I actually can read French because there's so many cognates
ok now my name is properly halloween themed
Okay but that’s because i said it already ;c
I know
It was: **hexes and os**,
like X’s and O’s,
except hexes and os,
and os = bone(s) in French
I already used my best pun for another server
Send noodles
Idk what to do for this server
Pshh*
Pahh
My name is now Halloween themed
And tbh unless you have a house of your own, subscribing to FC is not worth it
Online is free
I made my name themed
Hype
If I can afford it
ooooh
I collect all things cooking
https://www.finecooking.com
Yess
Y’all should make your names 🎃-themed o:
You want cooking magazines?
Side note:
Anyways
But idk he was sincere about feeling bad
When he gave it to me, I was very confused like ?????? why
Yeah
I mean yeah I get that but at the same time if it were to happen to me I'd be annoyed because I feel like they're trying to pay off my upsettedness if that makes sense
It’s just
weird
In a way, it works.  
Not because my goal is to get something out of them, but because I kind of see that they feel bad and are trying to make it up to me or cheer me up, so like im less inclined to be upset
wtf that's shitty
Like, okay i guess ??
And my step-dad gave me a $25 gift card to Dunkin’ Donuts
Because I found out that they took apart my cooking magazines
Like, I was upset just now
They both sometimes try to bribe me when im upset
My dad and step-dad are both so weird
<:hiya:496224418184429578>  squeeeeeeed
<:papersquid:496218778938507274>
<:squinkyface:496200395715248128>
discord update
i thougth you meant like
OH
emotes and new server icon
<:squidwave:496212534596993024> this one
what update
Layout?
If Discord gave us the ability to change the server layout, I would have gone wild 😝
c :
<:derpypurplesquid:496224499268714496>
the server update is so pretty
alec as a squid I can see it already
Not
So
I'm as much of a baby as this is a real squid
<:papersquid:496218778938507274>
love you dearie
<3333333
I'm not a babyy
Because I accidentally fell asleep at 9 and woke up at 3
But alex babies need 12 hours of sleep ;c
I'm not going to sleep though
witchpachi is so cute
Good night
Me too !!
2 hours of sleep yea yeet
I like this one the best
I'm going to bed
Good night y'all
<:witchpachi:496202398314921984>
<:gamerpachi2:496209901496827914>
hella  c :
they're cute
I love them !!
So many of them are derpy
<:babysquid:496224100755439616>
Yea buddie  c :
that is a lot of squids
<:papersquid:496218778938507274> <:babysquidocean:496224037853462538> <:babysquidbubbles:496224070103203840> <:babysquid:496224100755439616> <:hiya:496224418184429578> <:derpypurplesquid:496224499268714496> <:baldysquid:496224582743883777>
(please help me name them)
On the bright side, we're getting a bunch new server icons ??
Help im kind of addicted to editing images
It's so cute  c :
<:witchpachi:496202398314921984>
My favourite is probably:
<:squidwave:496212534596993024>
I just edited out the pink border for the second to see how it'd look
I think the first one
Which one is better?
<:gamerpachi:496207824771088387> <:gamerpachi2:496209901496827914>
They're so hard to see bleh
Nice
<:gamerpachi:496207824771088387>
Just got that
Ah yeah
Jpeg isn't transparent
You have to save it as a PNG if that helps
Maybe something to do with the file
It's transparent in GIMP
<:gamerpachi:496207483505737732>
It didn't work
Wait nooo
Lol nice
As soon as I said I was struggling, I figured out what to do
Nvm
Bc im struggling
I still love paint.net
May go back to FireAlpaca eventually
I still don't really understand it
GIMP 2
what program are you using?
I'm trying to do that, but it's hard bc the face is white  ; u ;
also we should edit the gamer one so it's transparent
cute!
<:winkyface:496200395715248128> <:witchpachi:496202398314921984> <:gamerpachi:496204513095450624>
> Added 4* new server emojis
Nice
No sadly no
LOL
Huh
and conroy
was it conroy
o snap
I set up a dude who lives in France with one of my friends 👀productive weekend
Keep your 👀 out for any other potential spoopy updates*
the new server icon definitely spooked me
I dont see any problems here
hi its ur leader
i demand an audience with your leader
my rights are being infringed upon
speech against your friendly neighborhood government will not be tolerated
shh
quick delet
Heck u
im so cool
hah i sniped your announcement peachy
It’s so cute i love it !!
spoopy
spooky
new server icon i see
We had to do the test in 40 min because it was short period that day
I was hastily doing the mc
To be honest
I know I liked it more than I did the SAT
maybe
I found that it asks way more phrases in context than the sat
I just need to get 10 more questions right oof
if you think you're really good at writing the essays you can probably score lower on the mc
I think 45+ish was good if you planned to get 6s on all the essays or something
What’s the curve again
I thought so
yes
there's room to improve
uh
55 LOL
how many total questions was it again
uh
And got a 36 smh
I took a practice
what'd you get
uh
@Gymminy Cricket what’s a good AP Lang Mc score
^^
Ron Stoppable >>> Ron Weasley
@Peacheon Ron Stoppable?
it was a naked mole rat obviously
And the guy who reminded me of Ron Weasley
And a little mole? thingy
I remember watching a bit of Kimpossible but I can’t remember much except cute girls
Pff morals
But it’s okay bc i felt bad for tom
Also kimpossible
Its morals weren’t that great
Yooo agre
Tom and Jerry was the shit
But you have other priorities and that’s 👌 !!!!
You can get around to it whenever you want to, or not
Don’t beat yourself up over it !!!
Hey hey hey
I'm trying to fix my shitty attention span :I
I should but it's hard
You should rewatch Avatar it's one of the best shows ever made imo
I watched Avatar online lol
I watched TT & ATLA but I don't remember them
oh yeah total drama and teen titans were also great
Avatar was great except for that one episode with the blood bender that gave me nightmares
or something
didn't you only have pbs
actually Robin how'd you watch avatar
Also total drama or Phineas and Ferb
pshh
Yesss Avatar was so good
Avatar
and learned that it's apparently pretty niche
I watched it a lot back then
yeah
There was a Jackie Chan show
What
Tom & Jerry was a large party of my childhood
early 2000s the niche show of Jackie Chan's adventure was great
Hmmm
mid 2000s ben 10 was the best
September 30, 2018 — Question of the Day: 
What was your favourite cartoon to watch when you were younger?
@​here
Sure!
power rangers comes to mind
For me it was easily Ed, Edd and Eddy.
The one that hit ya the hardest.
Or whenever your childhood was.
90's ish.
how old are we talking?
I've got an idea for a question of the day...what was your favorite cartoon to watch in the olden days? And I mean straight up old cartoon.
What a bunch of nerds watching movies at 2 in the morning
Awh okie
oof
just got in trouble for falling asleep w phone so maybe not
~~anyone have two hours to spare?~~
if anyone wants to join
I'll wait like a min
@​here for some Doctor Strange ?
We could have a viewing party tbh
Sure !!!
I'll watch with u if you want
and the foolish
no sleep for the strong
Okay, I'm doing it
^ hwo do grammar ?
and understandably why
It was
also black panther was way more hyped than dr strange imo
Oooh u right
you have nothing to lose by watching it except 2 hours
Doctor Strange is fantastic
Even though I'll eat up the visuals, I'm sure
Ahhhhhh im so scared ill be disappointed
I'd definitely say you should watch it next
DO I WATCH DR. STRANGE NOW
(So I stop spamming the PM with things unrelated to Black Panther, I'll just move here)
Okay so
hells yea
sure
why not
We could start up a BP/movie PM ?
Anyways, I have completely different takeaways from y'all from watching Black Panther
valid
i dont even watch trailers for movies i have an obsession with removing and avoiding spoilers
severus hufflepuff dies at the end of black panther
DELETOS
IT ALL MUST GO
Everything else was fine
Only one thing was a spoiler
; u ;
NO MERCY
MAXIMUM PURGE
You didn't have to delete the conversation
I don't mind, but I'm sure others will
S p o i l e r s
If you can idk which one you prefer
Or just try to make it spoiler-free ?
ok yeah
Also, you should probably PM me bc spoilers for anyone else who wants to watch
-What was dumb about the government system?
-None of what would've happened?
I spent the whole movie thinking about how dumb the government system was and how if it was different then none of that would've happened
Why is that? o:
dr strange tho was pretty sweet
I hearddd
I wasn't actually such a big fan of black panther
dr strange was so fucking good at visuals
And now I'm afraid Dr. Strange won't live up to my expectations heck
I was debating whether to watch Black Panther or Dr. Strange first
Absolutely !!!
It was just so well done
I should watch it
Yes
!!!!!!
hell yea good movie
I can't describe it in words
It was so good
BLACK 👏 PATHER 👏 IS 👏 ONE 👏 OF 👏 THE 👏 BEST 👏 MOVIES 👏 OUT 👏 THERE 👏
Black Panther (the movie, not just the hero) is on a new level of badassery
But like
I know superheroes are supposed to be badass
God
I watched Infinity War, just thought you'd like to know
Also @CjBeats
so yey
And the scene in Wakanda (the fictional country that they're in) was def one of my favourite scenes in Infinity War
nice
Idk, I was going to watch K-drama, but I was too upset, so I scrolled through Netflix for more things and stumbled upon it
it's already about to be midnight though
it's only 2 hours
The characters are also all just so great
why're u watching it now
also that movie's so long
yeah it's pretty rad
nice
so cool
It's just
I'm in love with all the tech
damn
I'm watching Black Panther and
It's pretty good.  I would highly recommend it.
looked interesting though
never finished it
oh i started watching that a few months ago when it aired
If people vote on it
Maybe
Because we *might* be watching it in club
But don’t watch it
nice
oh
12 episodes
how many episodes
A.I.C.O. Incarnation
So i just finished
There's just too much wrong here...

over half
Taste uses smell I think
Ye
A big part of it is what it smells like coming out your nose iirc
Ok but fragrance is like half of taste
shiiiiiiiiit
The trouble is, we've been conditioned to associate colours with tastes. Yellow is always lemon, green is apple or lime, red is strawberry or raspberry, purple is usually blackcurrant and orange is, of course, orange. ... “So, Skittles have different fragrances and different colours - but they all taste exactly the same.”
skittles arent
no theyre not
whaaa
so are all skittles
fruit loops 🤢
fun fact all fruit loops are the same flavor
:(
lucky charms made me barf
are there even non bland cereals
That's why bland cereals are the most fun
Things like fruit loops are fixed in their ways and are not easily enhanced
Similarly, cheerios are a nice starting point to add all your yummy stuff to
Bread is bland and that's what makes it so great
Like bread
Bland doesn't necessarily mean bad
Tho idk I haven't had cereal in like 5 years
they're so bland that the only thing worse than them is like lucky charms
They're fine
are so bland
but yes do you agree that things like cheerios
maybe
Peanut butter puffs are pretty good, but the best cereal is when you take something kind of bland like cheerios or chex and add like a spoonfull of peanut butter as well as some fruits like strawberries, raspberries, etc into the bowl
Peanut butter puffs are the one true cereal
milk after there was ctc has more flavor than after coco puffs
Chocolate > cinnamon usually, but not in milk
chocolate > cinnamon imo
ehh
cinnamon toast crunch does something similar but better
so i would eat the cereal then chug the milk
bc they made the milk chocolate
i loved them
same
I was never really a fan of Cocoa Puffs tbh
also c toast crunch is great
Cinnamon Toast Crunch is valid
cereal with granola is the best
& cocoa puffs
My favorite is c toast crunch
But now I prefer that to things like Froot Loops, Pops, etc.
Cereals with fruit and v yum
and cereals like Raisin Bran
because I really like those granola cereals
I feel like an oldie
Okay, when a picture makes a man giggle...NEVER POST IT AGAIN
wrong image more like a
anyone: parmesan
pi:
😤 🔥
A special new Parmesan eh?
It's lasagna
Damn, Garfield looks high on life......and possibly cocaine..
But they’re also cursed
They truly are
talented artists


peachy why


And it’s um
Anime Club info meeting was today
THE ONE TRUE SHIP
TIX
Oh ripperoni :3
Hiya
I didn't even know your wifi died woah
Hello kiddos
wow
Only took 6 days (((:
My wifi is back
HALLELUJAH
I think you find it from udhfr
Google
Udhfr
Uhj
Where on Earth do you find these
sort of
human jello is a thing
I'm not crazy
there we go
http://blogs.discovermagazine.com/80beats/2011/07/15/jello-made-from-humans-is-not-as-weird-as-it-sounds/#.W6wr62hKjcs
what
Don't worry about it
how so
I guess Joe just has a lot in common with DJ Khaled
I do
That being said, I also don't know what you think I mean
Okay good...
I don't think I'm meaning what you think I am
that sounds like their problem
If you're meaning what I think you are....
What if it was their dying wish that someone eat their jello
I wouldn't eat it
would you eat the human jello
what if someone donated their gelatin for making jello
Humus
no
like
Also, Joe, what if the human stuff tasted really good
I'd rather not severe headaches and eventually have them pop out of my head
if you eat it, it might hatch inside you and kill you, thus fulfilling the prophecy
🤔
What if it was your child but there was a prophecy they would kill you
I mean I just wouldn't want to eat anything that came out of a person's body ever
I think I thought of this question because of this orwellian "why did the chicken cross the road" creative essay
The implication is clear
Fun fact you don't have to follow kosher rules in life or death scenarios
anyways, I think the premise is morally ambiguous because on the one hand, it tastes really good, but on the other hand, the egg you're eating will one day be a person capable of thought and stuff and probably wouldn't want you to eat them
who even eats kosher anyways
also psh
on yeshiva
why in the world did someone ask this question
I just thought of it right now
no
is this where you got your question from
who even cares about kosherness
but like
what a surprise
It's not kosher
so
ok
https://www.yeshiva.co/ask/?id=6670
I mean I think most people are against cannibalism enough that they wouldn't be a fan of it
I don't understand big ole controversies...
At least, in the natural scenario...
If only this wasn't a subject people shrieked ateach other  over constantly.
should you eat some as a form of crowd control?
and what if you have so many egg babies that you can't possibly care for them all
what if they aren't conscious before they're born, so by eating them you're only destroying a potential life, not a current one
🤔
what if they tasted really good
according to conventional ethics I'd say no
If humans were birthed as eggs, would it be ethical to eat them before they hatch?
How does that have any relevance
??
~~unless he was white~~
I'm saying terrorist, assuming he hasn't been caught yet in both cases
I mean
No that would be you acting as judge, jury, and executioner
in the current system a former terrorist would not be passing you on the street in a couple years
I feel like that's different than a guy committing a terrorist act that same day and the police reporting on him while he walks past/towards me
i disagree with the premise
like if there's a guy who committed a terrorist act years ago passes by me on the street and I happen to recognize him
I mean wouldn't recentness of news play a role in it as well
No that's when you get hired by the CIA
if you just shot some dude as you walked past him and he happened to also be a terrorist, perhaps there'd be an issue, but if he was in the middle of doing terrorism then there's no question
mhm
it depends on the context of the killing
and if it's understood by the state that, *hypothetically speaking,* the punishment for terrorism cannot be the death penalty, i can see them maybe having a problem with someone going all vigilante justice on the terrorist
I'd feel threatened
I mean if the crime is anything related to murder
the fact that the crime is terrorism is what changes things
to be fair we've already established that it's not okay to kill someone *just* because they committed a crime
I still think they could theoretically be able to argue it was in self defense
Clauses are added and yada yada
Unforeseen circumstances happen and laws are specified
bc morally speaking i'm pretty sure most of us are cool with killing a terrorist
This is literally how law works
It's not even technicalities though
it'd ***TECHNICALLY*** be illegal but i think you could convince nine people to let them off the hook lmaoo
yea like
I imagine the jury would probably be on the side of a guy like this
they gotta be unanimous iirc
But the definition of law admits that following it to the letter does not always apply since sometimes the immediate common good can be greatly threatened by following the law to the letter, which thus invalidates the purpose of the law. Hence the court system.
oh
yea
so jury decides whether the guy commit a crime or not?
judge decides sentence
jury decides guilt
if there's one thing i learned within the past six hours it's that mr kant would not approve
or what
like are they the final deciders
how exactly does the jury work in the court
also just to double check
It would be illegal if you wanted to follow the law to the letter
i don't think anyone would be that peeved
it'd technically be illegal but lik
Mhm
also either way I doubt killing a terrorist would get you charged with murder/manslaughter
smaller juries of peers are more there to serve as a way to deem "guilty/not guilty" while at least trying to avoid bias
I suppose
Yeah thats why I said partly
I don't think you can say there's only one reason for courts existing
Interpreting the law and what the law implies in a situation not foreseen or specified by the law
supreme courts definitely are
Sort of
aren't courts there just to interpret the law
yes courts good
🤔
~~and also ABOLISH LAWS~~
partly
well
That's why courts exists
It's recognized that laws cannot foresee all possible situations
Yes but this is also a legal situation
and legality =/= ethics
right near you
I mean you could probably argue you felt threatened by the fact there was a literal terrorist
but also not bc it's concerning itself with mostly legality
Hmmm
kinda
Yes this sounds like an ethics class
oh
Say they had already done the terrorism and they were hiding out and you shot them in the head
I meant the comment link, not the post
The self-defense might not apply if you weren't threatened by them
I mean
As a comment said, there would be a bunch of formality about it but you wouldn't get charged for anything since 
a. self defense 
b. unforeseen circumstances
No you probably wouldn't
https://www.reddit.com/r/morbidquestions/comments/9j2giw/would_you_be_charged_with_murdermanslaughter_if/e6oab1d?utm_source=reddit-android what do y'all think?
sounds like something I wouldn't read
The minecraft version, "50 ways to make mobs die," is the only one I actually listened to
Ole Paul Simon always had an authentic sound to him.
Ooooooh, I remember that one. 50 ways to leave your lover is more old school.
its good
ive only heard 50 ways to say goodbye
I'm gonna have to give it a look.
both are good
I've heard the 50 ways to leave your lover, but not that one.
I've never heard of that
because Tim a "train lover" hadn't until today
Maybe
hey y'all have all heard 50 ways to say goodbye, right?
nice
ha
oh I get it
no it'll take more than a few days to heal
not sure, I'm gonna give them a few days
do you think you're gonna return them?
what does that entail?
have you tried trimming them
tsk tsk
rip my new headphones are beautiful and sound great, but the ear cups are too small to be over ears like I wanted
I feel sad
the pain is real
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/493961827596632074/493995680331726858/M8WFDfs-1.gif
guess you're dead
rip
And we’re not really supposed to use our phones unless for downtime
About to go on a 2-day retreat/field trip
Rip
It’s still not back, but now I’m in school
My wifi has been dead all weekend
Hi guys
79 notifications from chats/tags oh wowie wowi
I disagree
And that's why we need cheek chairs in school
No one
That's right
And who doesn't like cheek chairs?
It's because cheers is a slurring together of cheek chairs
Why do you think people say cheers after they make a toast?
And soft
It'd be so nice
Imagine how much better school would be if there were cheek chairs to sit on
Ever eat fish cheeks?
Yes officer this post right here
Or bean bags
You could probably make really comfy chairs with cheek skin
It's all plushy and squishy
Like what the heck it's like a pillow
I just realized how much more soft my cheeks are than any other part of my skin
Oh
It's THe SeCREt DOCtERs DOn't WanT YOu TO KNow

sorry I don't believe in unconditional love
it's a government conspiracy
they tell you about cations and anions in chem, but they never tell you about onions
onions are so versatile
like
I love onions unconditionally
caramelized onions are where it's at
fried onions are where it's at
Grilled onions are where it’s at
uh huh
Which means I could eat myself and get 15% of the enjoyment I would get from eating an onion
that means I'm 15% made of onions
Onions are great
I'd guess that at least 15% of my diet is just onion
is this where you get your daily caloric intake from
I love onions so much
slice them up and eat them
only if you're the kids from Holes
I used to eat raw onions like apples
no
just raw onions
clearly onions are the best food
fish balls are the most foul way of eating fish
and I'd like to say
fair point
and fried
like grilled
so I prefer most other forms of it
also over time steamed fish just tastes too bland
ye
are you asian
what's your point
HOW DO YOU NOT
YOU'RE ASIAN
JOE
no
steamed fish >:U
fried is pretty good and fun
hmmm
best form of fish is fried fish
a year or so to adjust and like fish without having predispositions
fish is so good man
But it only took me like
nice
I had trash fish for years before realizing fish can actually taste good
yes
i wanna try eating dick but probably not in the way you mean
I mean
as long as it's not genitals I'm fine with most foods as long as they taste good
I see
thats because youve had lamb before lamb head so youve already developed a liking for it
as long as it tasted good
also I wouldn't mind
even if i saw a head bubbling around, id still love lamb shanks and legs and chops and all that good shit
^^
so i'm fine
I mean I just eat the conventional parts of the lamb
👁‍🗨
just the eyes
sounds like my kind of friday night
theres no eyelids
idk whats worse, seeing an eye bubbling around or seeing just the whole-ass head
ruining any sort of like you could have towards lamb
ok
mocking you
the teeth are there too
just skrim things
LMAO
intact with the head
nice
LOL
you dont know unpleasant until you see it staring back from the pot
the only eyes ive had is like fish eye and thats okay
joe
eye sounds unpleasant
ive had beef tongue and that was pretty good
tongue sounds like it'd be tolerable
never had either
eye idk
tongue yeah
yay or nay
lamb tongue/eye?
I'd hate them regardless of taste
I'm so against the idea
I would try lamb testicles but idk if id like them
have fun cynthia
nice one cynthia
same joe
tbh I thought you were gonna say lamb testicles
wings
would you rather eat chicken wings or lamb testicles
I mean the only parts of a chicken I really eat are the breast and wings tbh
yeye
wtf gizzards and heart
stop hating on wings
thigh = breast (well, depends), > heart and gizzards > back meat > legs > wings
which I find nauseating
it has that weird cartilagy stuff
the skinny area
it's like at the bottom part of it
Wtf
I hate drumsticks the most out of the parts of a chicken
oh yeah other parts of the chicken are great
no
Drumsticks are clearly the best
I guess
This is so aesthetic

do you like eating other parts of the chicken?
:>
I don't understand you
Wtf
ok pi
wow
nvm wings are bad regardless
oh are we discussing wings
no
Are we talking plain?
When we’re talking about wings
Most bbq sauce at good bbq smokehouses or whatever are pretty good though
Wait wait
most bbq dipping sauce is way too sweet and doesnt go well with bbq
Ranch is superior
also cynthia stop being the literal same person as angela
I can only barely tolerate it when it's used to cook
just as a sauce to put on stuff
Ew blue cheese
bbq sauce is way too sweet for me as a dipping sauce
ew
dipping sauce
if you mean as a dipping sauce I heavily disagree
or a thing that the wing is cooked with
also are you saying bbq sauce as a dipping sauce
bbq is pretty good too
I haven’t had blue cheese sauce
no bbq is best
blue cheese is better
disagree
Then ranch is the only appropriate sauce
or they need to be marinated
they need sauce on them
no
Wings are great by themselves
the wing was drenched in it though
I had like a full spoon
was higher than the amount of hot sauce you had
in my defense the density of hot sauce then
yes
"I'm not going to nationals"
- Joe
Oh
once it gets to my throat though I just die
well enough
I have a pretty high spiciness threshold
How well do you guys tolerate spiciness
going to sleep is a great tried and true strategy to stop feeling physically terrible
tsk tsk
you instantly fell asleep
I just wasn't feeling great and went to sleep
a few minutes after you had it
It didn't knock me out
lmao
that knocked you out
that wasn't so fun
except for that one time I had that super spicy thing at tim's house
do you
I just like spicy things
oh wait you guys are all masochists
fireballs are great
fireballs are the shit
Oh, I like those
also back in the day clearly a great candy to give other people was red hot fireballs
^
The ones at the top look like soap
This is the cutest candy ever

mm hm
And I've only had one dream like that
I don't "murder babies"
I have a memory of eating like 20 pixy stix and then going on a crazy hyperactive rollerblading spree
not as much as your dream baby murders though
that's a lot of murder
I just want to bake it
wow, I can't believe joe wants to burn all of alaska
only edible form of meringues are baked alaskas
with a y
it's pixy stix
wait
What is the best candy tho
I love pixie stix
They are very cute tho
like pixie stix
disagree
ok, but just sugar can be great
or something
I was expecting them to be like creamy
also when I first had one
It’s just sugar
Yup
I've never had that either
meringues are too sweet
cupcakes are messy and bad and I don't like all the frosting
The worst pastry is probably meringues
other than you
would rather have broccoli over a c upcake
who in their right mind
I'd rather die than eat a cupcake
says the person who would rather have a cupcake than broccoli
you just don't have a refined enough palate
tsk tsk
and dark chocolate is an affront to all that is good and natural
I'd rather have them over broccoli
cupcakes are the worst pastry
and dark chocolate
how is broccoli better than cupcakes
yeah, I know
broccoli*
scones = muffins > milk chocolate > cookies > broccoli > cupcakes > spinach > everything > nothing > dark chocolate
MILKCHOCOLATE
never had one
nice
and I was like, "darn"
and they were like, "no"
but I do remember a long time ago seeing some and begging my parents for one
@RequiemOfTheSoul i love you
I can't remember the last time I saw any macarons
actually
Like, I'll see them and I
You have to try them
Wwwwwhhhhat
I don't think I've ever had a macaron before
I want macarons
macarons are great
O h
macaroons are terrible
macarons remind me of that one spongebob episode where spongebob makes colored krabby patties
Macarons, or Macaroons?
Macarons are so good
yes
Are macarons pastries?
I don't want any iron in my dessert
It's called irony
"therefor"
ha
agree
You can't spell, Alex therefor your opinion is invalid
cannolis are the best
canollis are also bad
smh pi
jiggly!
sorry but you're wrong alex
Clearly cannoli *dip* is even better
Cream puffs are terrible
No
also the factually best pastries are cannolis and cream puffs
interesting
Cranberry orange hmmm
ooh
Cranberry orange
scones are trash
I’m actually having one right now
SCONES
*improperly made* scones are like rocks
Scones are good
Milk chocolate all the way but dark is not bad
Yes
You sir, are heavily wrong
me
I saw someone say scones are like rocks
Anybody who likes dark chocolate can rot
dark chocolate is for pretentious knaves. Milk chocolate is for REAL MEN
how are scones a cross between brownies and cookies at all
🤔
children that is older than u
they're like a cross between brownies and cookies, blending them together in a way that the plusses of both are drawn out and maximized
tsk tsk
ok get out of here Robin
no chocolate
tsk tsk
smh at all these children liking milk chocolate
ik I am
you're dead to me
dark is a little bitter
die
bad
milk
@Bugcat
dark or milk chocolate
heavy disagree
scones are the perfection of cookies
Scones are great
what was the ping
scones are like rocks
muffins are better than most cookies
disagree
I'd much rather have a scone or a muffin
you're wrong
if you say a muffin or something
what are better pastries than a cookie
depends on the cookie
you're the pleb
there are way better pastries
like
ok, but cookies are pastries for plebs
preach
also thicker cookies are always better than thin ones
I just like cookies with a bit of salt
typical overwatch player
I don't go that far
i love salty cookies
You don't ask Patrick O'Connel how he makes stuff
yay
Seasalt in my cookies
yay if the sour cream is like mixed with the chocolate and has enough sugar
Idk I didn't ask him
is it like a fudge
How is it made
Yes
Give it to me
wait really
I don't think that would work
Had it, is good
Yay
nay
yay or nay
Bittersweet isn't sour, Conroy
Chocolate made with sour cream
what
If you want to eat something sour don't eat chocolate
It's DELICIOUS
He's not wrong
I mean
😡
Machine is the definition of a pompous ass okay my point is proven
Milk chocolate is an absolute gastronomical masterpiece
I'd much rather have bittersweet
Dark chocolate is yum
Wtf
ok outta here machine
I'll be honest dark chocolate is also too sweet
milk chocolate is just all sugar
Dark chocolate is villainous
Milk chocolate melts on your tongue like ambrosia
No stop
ow the edge
Like my soul
GOOD
Dark chocolate
Milk chocolate finds the right balance of creamyness, and sweetness and goodness
Smh
tbh
I'd brag about it
bougeoie
If I went to princeton
ew
I mean
People who eat dark chocolate probably brag about going into Princeton too
Dark chocolate is just bitter badness
fals
milk chocolate is good but it can't beat dark
which some people here don't have
being able to appreciate dark chocolate comes with age
Who the fuck likes brown cow chocolate
Alex is a man of the people
dark chocolate 100%
Yes
to quote myself
"Dark chocolate is unrefined loser candy"
Chocolate Milk
Always
Dark chocolate
who can appreciate the nuance of the unadulterated cocoa taste
it's for those with a more refined palate
dark chocolate is the obvious answer
EXACTLY
YES
anyways
Also its Milk chocolate anyone who eats dark is clearly a pompous ass
yeah
did she
so
pshh, angela gave me permission
A true rebel
tsk tsk
also it's usually just an @ here
wow alex I see you've taken the initiative to put this question in without anklea
@​everyone
September 23, 2018 — Question of the Day: 
Milk chocolate or dark chocolate?
60-70 is what I like, 65-70 is my favorite
I already said that heck is what I wanted
I typed heck and then when I typed you it changed it to heh and I don't understand why
nothing personnel, kid
heh
heh
Heck you
70s are so nice
agree
anything 70 and up is BAD
yeah, 80 is terrible
nah 55-69
80 is gross
65-80 is my ideal range
how is 50 shorts and t shirt weather
what
wait wait
I'd say 65 ish is the best
it's ideal short sleeve t-shirt and shorts weather
that's a bit too cold for me
50-60
what is your optimal temperature range?
if fall isnt too warm then fall
the colder the better because the colder the less bugs and humidity there is
if there's more snow then winter
Except there are no snow days
winter and fall swap for me depending on how each one is every year
Joe gets it
because i cant fucking breathe in may
Spring in Texas is unstoppable bug infestations
winter's just amazing because it's cold, quiet, peaceful, and there might be snowdays
why may?
change my mind
may is the worst month in the year
spring is also ass
allergies
Winter is ok, but spring and fall are so much better
bugs come back
spring is so bad
yes
does it though
like the final phase of school
and it signals the ending of school
disagree
it has the best weather
no
Spring is clearly the best season
h o w
another reason why fall is worse than winter there
My already bad immune system commits sudoku
fall is ass
and also when it snows just enough to leave a thin layer but not enough to cover the grass it looks ugly as hell
and an annoying amount of leaves on the ground
it's just a bunch of leaves with different colors
disagree
eh
snow is great but fall is pretty as heck
okay heres the thing
also winter is great because it makes showers so enjoyable and allows for thick blankets
We still have snowbanks until like April or may
Also nobody ever shovels the sidewalk
builds character
Ok but it never melts
ezpz
you just gotta push through
also tsk tsk Robin
and allow more time if there's some terrible school assignment
like they give extra time to relax
It makes it terrible to walk anywhere
Snow days are so great
winter better in florida but
Snow succs tho
skrim correc
agree
there are no snow days
it's less cold
fall lacks the advantages of winter
but no
it goes fall ≥ winter > summer >>> spring
it's nice and cold so less gross sweatiest when just being alive and anywhere
winter's the greatest
summer's the absolute worst
yes spring is worse than winter
fall is if summer and winter had a beautiful love child
No season is worse than winter
no
while fall is just a worse winter
spring is like a less worse summer
Whereas fall is like hey here comes winter after you're great warm weather
disagree there
Also spring is like, the light at the end of the terrible cold winter
why
Spring makes me die
Fall is amazing
Wtf
It's what changes amoxicillin into augmentin
and what is it even used for
what inthe world is clavulanic acid
Unless someone brings clavulanic acid and sprays it around
I just don't like summer heat
same
Pssh well I don't have allergies
there are a bunch of people that get bad allergies in the summer
I'd disagree there
eh
That also makes it better
Oh yeah there's less plague in summer
and everyone gets sick
like it's all windy
fall's just the lame phase between summer and winter
Tho spring only lasts like a week here
Fall is death and decay
Spring is all nice and flowery
"Secondly, spring is way better than fall" objectively false
uh huh
It was only too hot for like a few weeks
that causes sweatiness and general uncomfortableness
no it's terrible like summer is just full of terrible heat
Warmth is great
summer is the literal worst season
no
The best order
Summer, spring, fall, winter
and especially at night
in fact, people are more likely to use cars, which make more noise
not really
People still go outside in the winter
so it'll be nice and quiet
because no one's gonna be outside
but like winter is gonna be great
but the weather for spring and fall is pretty much the same, just going in the opposite direction
the reason why spring is superior is because everything looks all green and stuff
spring and fall fit right into that range
and that's right around 60 ish
the best weather is the weather where you can wear pants and a light jacket and not be too hot or cold
but sometimes it's way too cold
it's nice and cool
winter weather's the best
no
no, it's spring, fall, winter, summer
I'd personally put fall below spring
eh
the order of seasons from best to worst is fall, winter, spring, and summer
winter weather is just the best
Secondly, spring is way better than fall
Ok, first of all, autumn sounds so much cooler than fall
fall is the best
why
I want winter already
IT GOOD
I LIKE IT
YEET FALL I LO EFALL I LVOVE IT FALL IS GOOD I II I I LIKE IT
yes
epic
same
I completely forgot about that
Happy fall y'all
Nice
for ow
he said my lucio was fun to play with/really good this is the best compliment ive ever gotten
yoo
twitch.tv/chemlok watch me get destroyed
Heyy I'm on a stream
LOL
give someone a crisis
ask them about how their life turned out
I hear so much clapping and cheering from the auditorium
Kind of nervous though
And I’m supposed to be showing them around
The Class of 1988 is having their 30th reunion at our high school
I've just been finding 1400+ averages for cornell
also cynthia idk where you're getting your averages
nice
My friend got 1550 and went there sooo
Everything I can find says the average is a 1480
Um why is Cornell’s sat avg a 1050
I watched the first 3 seasons but I'm taking a hiatus for a while because I got a little tired of it
I couldn’t make it through the show because the episodes are so long
@Peacheon I loveeee the Great British Baking Show
"Kiss my Aztec."
Say it out loud, preferably yell it as you blow dust on someone else...it gets funny.
Plus it gave me my favorite car line.
I've watched a couple of them, you may like the older American top gear, they did pretty good in my opinion, and  made it pretty fun to watch...
Ahhh.
(the British one)
They were pretty much the only reason I actually watched the show
I can't imagine watching top gear without the original cast
The old one on the other hand, with Tanner Rut and Adam was frigging amazing.
Yeaaah, like the new American Top Gear...
The American ones are overdramaticized pieces of garbage
Watch the UK versions of Gordon's shows
There is a really cool aspect about that, but sometimes there's just that one contestant who's just saying the right thing the right way and it just comes off as hilarious..
I've seen a couple episodes of that with my family
*goofy
Ohhh
Yup, blacksmithing, blade making specifically...and you get some goody characters through there too.
Metal-working?
Huh, what is that?
Speaking of nice shows, I've been kinda enjoying watching a series called Forged in Fire...
Oh I'd bet on it.
Yeahh but i guess they're getting paid for it ?
Yeaaah, which makes ya wonder....why get on live TV on a cooking show....if you suck at cooking?
Even if they're godawful, it's still live television
Yeah I dont care for the ones who he's simply yelling at folks who lack in the cooking department.
I don't think anyone ever really deserves to be shamed like that
Mmm
When they get what they deserve, I'm happy.
The only reason i like it is because in near every situation, the folks just ask for it...
Yeahh
Oh yeah he *tries* to help in many situations.....just....his key instrument is yelling....
I forget that he has multiple shows
Oh yeah
I remember one specifically, one guy runs a **PUNY** hotel, all the food is crap, but he gets off that and on the managers case, pays the staff so horribly they sink in debt as they try to work money, treats em like crap, and WHEN they get a customer, he take all the tips.
And i know what ya mean, I don't act myself in public....I keep myself really restricted....
And would hate to be humiliated in public -- especially not on live television
And I absolutely can't work under pressure
Tbh, they probably cook better than I do
Ehhhhhhhh
I prefer the cute and pure baking show with light music :3
Hey. You can't say that SOME of those people don't deserve it.
But compilations are sometimes okay
Or, at least, I can't watch it for long periods of time
like to watch him yell at people
't
I don
Pshhh
Totally not Gordan Ramsay, not worth mah time.
The Great British Baking Show is very good and pure
https://discord.gg/2wfNHF
@Gymminy Cricket @Maktackle @Peacheon @pi @Squirralfire @Xompop heres the discord we're in if u wanna get in the call

My sis didn't go for whatever reason and they let me stay too
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Why don’t you have school? o:
dog

YEAH
DOGS
hello heaven
i come down and see 7 dogs with my sis there when she should be at school, and my mom tells me i dont have to go today
And how so ?
Huh, that sounds really cool !
I'm sensing favoritism....
I was just beginning to kick it at Happy Wheels.
Casualty! That's it!
Uhhh, that's not it, you had to make it happen out of events of say, elevators dropping, chandeliers and stuff...
Assassin
I remember there was one game, it was a stick game where you had to secretly kill every stickman without anyone seeing anyone die...but I can't remember the name...
Ello
nice
that's probably the best it's gonna get
oh no wait i have a new answer
right after i finished calc 1 my teacher emailed me and asked if i wanted to tutor people
@Xompop I somehow have no memory of you not being able to pronounce your r's
I just kinda view it as alone time to learn and plan stuff out
that's like my chinese class for me
and is happy
I mean I kinda get that
But I can't shake off the feeling that everyone else has people to talk to
I'll do my own thing if I have to
Yeah, but it's honestly awful being in a class alone
I believe it's better to just be alone and do my own thing
if there's no one i'm interested in
I mean my mentality is if there's someone that seems interesting in a class I have and they're willing to talk I'll try and talk with them
And have to force myself to make conversations with others
And I'm so awkward and shy
huh
So I kind of have to try and talk to people
Tbh, y'all think I'm popular, but that's because I have had most of my classes alone (not with you guys)
and somewhere in the middle is like the most natural me I guess
Oh I have like two modes, either quiet weird kid who tries to be relatable to make people feel like 'yeah haha im dying but so are you' or very loud hyper person
Also, I totally get what you're saying
And you'll always have us
Well, it's okay bc we love you
poor bab
Awhh :c
it's much easier to avoid those interactions at all
and it hurt that I knew they didn't mean it
and they would pretend to like me
and they would pretend to be nice
people would talk to me literally just for answers
this used to happen to me all the time in math classes
you start talking to them, and it feels like they don't really care
it's like
ok
You can tell when people are not going to like you
Okay go for it
ok I can explain my reasoning
I feel like this is a vicious cycle
"and I try to isolate myself from the rest of the class"
"One of the most terrible feelings is feeling alone in a room full of people"
But also
eh it depends I'd say
I definitely agree with you
One of the most terrible feelings is feeling alone in a room full of people
Hmm
and I try to isolate myself from the rest of the class
I mean, I don't act rude, I just don't really offer any avenues of conversation
it works pretty well
and so that way I don't have to get invovled in any awkward conversations
I mean do you not want people to approach you?
that way no one wants to approach me
I mean, I haven't actually had any classes with you, so I'm not sure what you're like with people you don't know, so that's the only impression that I had from hearing about you in classes
A lot of times, especially in classes where I don't know anyone, I like to create this persona for myself of a person who doesn't talk to anybody but is super smart and stuff
and letting people get to know me
between saying what's on my mind andstuff
a difference
s
there'
ok ok
I would say that I actually don't act similarly to people I know versus people I do
Alsooo, Alex, I don't think you're that hard to get to know because you put yourself out there and say what's on your mind a lot
hmm
and I think it's fine to just be on a teacher's good side
I mean there's a difference between being on a teacher's good side and being a teacher's pet
and sometimes they hate me
Yeah, that's fair
sometimes it works out for me and my teachers like me
I mean, it's always a good idea to be on a teacher's good side
That's really good
Oooh
Also, Alex, I don't think you're too hard to get to know
To answer the QOTD personally
Probably just the fact that I've had a couple outright offer to write letters of recommendation for me
I guess
Hmmm
then that's a suck up
at every single moment
like if they compliment the teacher on literally every tiny thing
^
and it's pretty obvious it's done for a good grade
Hmmm
It's more of when someone acts a way that feels very fake
He was 100% implying that you liked dick
but that when you get to know me I'm super cool and stuff
He was calling you gay
But you could argue that my actions were suck-up-y ?
so basically he said that I'm closed off to most people
I came out of alex?
versus someone who is cordial
I'd say a teacher's pet is a suck up
He was like, "yes, Alex is like a closet, because he looks like a normal person from the outside, but once you get to know him and open the closet, it's like seeing a whole new world"
Also, I don't want to thing about children that way
The epitome of a suck up
That's, first of all, not a teacher's pet
Yes of course
Ah
Teacher's pet makes me think of being a total suck up
Excuse me ??????
Stripping
Also, a closet ???
How so?
I feel like a teacher's pet is more of going steps beyond that
Because I genuinely liked to
In 6th grade, my english teacher compared me to a closet
that's not really a teacher's pet
And went out of my way to help them
I was just nice to them ?
I just remembered something
I don't really see why that's a bad thing
okok
ACTUALLY
nice
But I was always a teacher's pet, so that may have been why
I mean, I bet some teachers have said nice things and I've just forgotten
I'm sure they meant it
Teachers always say nice things about me, but I thought they did that for everyone
Now I feel sad
I think sometimes teachers take pity on me though, which might count as acting nice towards me
actually, in 10th grade, I made these great spanish presentations about stick fighting and I dressed up as Profesor Pikachu and it was great and my spanish teacher told me I was very creative
I think my mom says nice things about me
also tbh the nicest thing a teacher could say to me is that I got a good grade on some assignment
hmm
How about an adult in general?
oof
Aw
I think
Teachers don't usually say nice things about me
qotd
oh yeah
👈 😎 👈
pranked him good
you sure
haha
Little did he know I traced 90% of it
One time I drew my bro a pic of Charizard and he loved it so much he pinned it to his wall
That's so precious
Omg
"I want you to call me chawizawd" - Alex 2008
agree
u right
Yeah you can just imagine him now
there are some videos of me before I could speak well
Must have been so cuteee
I can't imagine baby Alex
The way I was taught was that r is an evil leech that fucks up any vowel it's next to
Now I wish I could hear what you sounded like
and then I could say my r's and everything in my life went perfect from then on
no-th?
i was more of a no-th guy
Well do I know the perfect spot in Tokyo for you, Peachy
oh wow
and they're actually vowels
Guess I'm into ghouls then
then in 7th grade I realized that r's aren't really consonants
clearly skrim's explanation is the accurate one
Nah just ghouls
uh huh
Except they're like cute ghouls
So you buy us food
We drain you of your money
Close enough
agree
Girls are ghouls
nice
it was terrible
Skrim, that's also a mood
and the way I pronounced "girl" made it sound like "ghoul"
That's mean
Awh :c
Aw
my feels
it really hurt
English was the first language I got fluent in but to compensate I can't speak my family's native tongue
like, "red riding hood rides to the aurora borealis"
i remember i couldnt pronounce my y's so someone pointed out i said lellow
Oh no :c
my brother's made fun of me, and they would sometimes say sentences they had a bunch of r's just to screw with me
you had the daphnee show to counteract it though Tim
thats right, only I can be
we cant all be perfect
Peak performance
🤔
I could pronounce my R's because I am the ideal male
I can't believe this chat had weeaboo dialect
they tried to teach me how to speak and I was like "heck you teacher"
~~you could have spoke owo~~
where I'd pronounce three as twee
Huh
except it ended earlier
I think I mildly had that same thing actually alex
Really? o:
Awhh
this continued into 7th grade
honestly i knew english, but i didnt like speaking in front of people
I had a speech thingy where I couldn't pronounce my r's and they all sounded like w's
The first language I spoke was Mandarin
someone follewed me around
huh
I lived in China from 1-4 years old
oh yeah i had ell too
or did you always live in the u.s.
did you originally live in china?
Ah
English Language Learners
Because I started it in kindergarten
ELL?
I'm proud of myself because I "graduated"/tested out of ELL in first grade, which was super early!!
nice
Without getting a stern talking to
Man I wish I could yell at the teacher and be sent home
Oh yeah you were immigrant boi weren't you
Mood but also not
or gave up, yelled at the teacher, then got sent home
Yoooo
And I don't remember why
I got Fs in my first grade spelling quizzes because I didnt speak English 😎
I remember in elementary school I either did things well
No, I was really good at spelling quizzes; I just never did anything in second grade
No they sucked
I was a huge fan of them
they were the best
Spelling quizzes sucked
So second grade was a  y i k e  time
Aw no
oh true
She would reeee if I got a bad elementary grade
oof
Oh, also, in second grade, I got a 20/80 on a spelling quiz because I was just so tired
My mom did
Aww Peachy
psh who cares about elementary school grades
Bless her heart
my spanish teacher let me sit alone on the rollie (rolly?) chair for the second half of the year and didnt make me do partner work with anyone because i was shy kid
tsk tsk
I thought I was going to die after the parent-teacher conference
wow anklea not doing hw
I thought I was going to fail second grade bc I had to do my homework in the main office during recess (bc I never did it at home), but my second grade teacher told my mom that I was a really nice student and she was happy I was in her class
fuck if i know something about circles @Skrimiche
my middle school chinese teacher overhyped high school chinese
because I was anti-social and didn't have a partner
nice
let me do that too
ms. mao or whoever
I remember in middle school
so she was like talking to yourself is fine
because she knew I pretty much knew the stuff
In precalc
Like what're you even presenting
it was great
I would have cried if I ever had presentations in precalc
I wish mr. lu let us do that
Brilliant
Omg
joe
LOL
Presentations in precalc?
one of the greatest things was when my freshmen chinese teacher let me talk to myself in my mind for speaking exercises
-ms. brooks
you're a fun person
Christ, I couldn't remember to say....
[after i finish a presentation in precalc]
"i've only heard you speak once a month"
September 20, 2018 — Question of the Day: 
What's the nicest thing a teacher has said to/about you?
@​here
o h
look at the pinned message
what does that mean
what?
quhillelillie is a great word
you don't understand
wow

ok
or could equal
I just say might equal
idk
is there a mathematical symbol meaning "might be equal to"? Like, if x >= 5, then x might equal 7, but idk if there is a symbol I could use to get that meaning across
why not just eat coffee cake with coffee
what
yum
coffee
except cake people should take with coffee
cake europeans eat during tea time
no wait
but coffee cake
like biscuit cake
ok
other than like just study
don't think so
hey joe, was there any math homework?
I see
alright then
oh
coffee cake?
there should be a kind of cake specifically for having coffee with
I just found out that coffee and cake is a really good combination
I mean, it would probably indirectly benefit everyone anyways
and study cool stuff
Like create a science foundation
I'd do other stuff
I wouldn't give my money to charity
no
actually
pshhh
also, if I had a bunch of money I'd probably spend most of the money on myself to a certain point and then probably just give the rest to charity
as you should
I always associated them with the french revolution
really?
guillotines are a big modern communist thing
clearly Robin's a commie
The french revolution fought for capitalist ideals
how many communists do you know
not communist
guillotine is french revolution
wait what
and enjoyment
it's all about getting more money to get more power
goddammit we'll have to guillotine joe won't we
that's just using money to get more money
with enough money
I could get political power
then lastly
but why would you care about that
as well as having investments in other markets
through gaining stocks in large companies
all I really care about money is stuff like food and comfort and stuff
second would be gaining a large amount of market power
to make myself have a very enjoyable life
first a bunch of luxuries
What things do you want to do with money
with a 1.5 billion dollars I'd have 1.5x power
a billion dollars will not be so different from 1.5 billion dollars
I'd be hardpressed to run out of ways to use it
there's an insane amount of uses for money
I'd disagree there
eh
money is meaningless at a certain point
and I can't do anything with them
I get bored of it because the cookies are meaningless
did you ever at a certain point get bored
yes
have you ever played cookie clicker
joe
I think more money would constantly make me happier
I mean that only rings true for some people
wow, you darn commie
which is why it should be redistributed hehe
Beyond a certain point, money doesn't make you any happier
I'd take that super smartness and knowledgeableness if it gave me the stuff needed to earn a bunch of money
Also, "quhillelillie" means penis in scottish from the 16th century and it's pronounced "willy lily" and I think that's funny
like, if a magic blob came up to me and was like, if you allow me to cut your lifespan in half, I'll make you super smart and knowledgeable and wise, I'd accept
Ok, I think that there is a threshold below which I would trade a portion of my life for knowledge
anyways, I gotta go because my mom wants me to eat
life > learning
no it was raining during lunch you just didnt see till it was too late
learning sustains the human spirit
learning > life
I really wanted to go outside, but by the time school was out the flash flooding had basically stopped
you think the school cares
nah
Was school canceled?
it was fun
Oh gosh
there were really huge flash floods
the school was leaking or something
Flooded? From the hurricane?
oh yeah
it's too dark for me to tell
it flooded 2 days ago
maybe
Is it raining there?
he was just a math teacher to pay the bills
Very interesting
Nice
that is just straight up the truth
not even an exaggeration though
I'm not even kidding
he's a vampire slaying martial artist
he was crazy
mr ha
Oh my omg
Which means you triple checked
well enough not to matter
You didn’t even quadruple check?
like
mr.ha let me listen to music and do whatever I want
I scored really well too
actually
screw you tim
oh yeah on the final I got like an almost perfect grade or something and I didnt even quadrouple check
hah
If anyone is a younger high schooler, please don’t take precalculus!
the one thing I do remember is quadruple checking my work on the final and still making a dumb arithmetic mistake
like I didn't pay attention for a single math class and walked away with an A-
Last year was the worst math class I’ve had in my entire life
what the fuck even happened last year
because I never paid attention
honestly I don't remember much about last year in math
I think we went over odd and even functions too?
Nice
yeah
LOL
and it was basically just trig for the whole year with limits tacked on at the end
and more trig
and more trig
and we went over some trig
and basically it was the most accelerated most in depth etc course at the school for juniors to take
I was in a math level called 504 or something
ok, so our school has multiple math levels
Yea
like last year?
Wait what did you guys take before calc
but I'd say overall it isn't too hard
the basics of calculus are a bit harder to grasp than other math concepts
bonus points
yay\
it can get difficult, like basically any part of math
bonus points to you
haven't heard that one before
hechksagon
well, some of it is
Is calculus easy
hechksagon
hechks
also, heck you echks
and most colleges would count that the same as a 5 for the AP AB calc test
but get a 5 on the AB subsection
I could fail the BC portion
so like
in fact, there's an AB subsection on the AP BC calc test
O ueah
and AB does one
BC does two semesters
like, without limits you wouldn't be able to disprove xeno's paradox
Alex, I thought BC started where AB stops
limits are great
either we're just skipping over it or we're saving it for later or something
finding limits is such a pain in the ass
like
I don't think we're talking about that yet
oh yeah, limits are useful
because the slope of the tangent line is equal to the instantaneous rate of change of the curve at that point
I’m in ap calc ab and we started with limits
they're also a Bitch and i hate calculus
yeah
yes
Are tangent lines the way to find the slope of a curve?
which is basically just fancy talk for, "we looked at points and made a line"
O
and linear approximation
we're starting out with tangent lines
so far it isn't very hard
Or like, what are you guys starting off with
Is it hard?
bc
Are you in AP calc ab or bc @Xompop  ?
Ok, just because I gave a more prolonged speech about which approach I thought was best doesn't mean it's bad
Especially in psych
Also it’s a fact that anytime Alex starts a sentence with the word “so” you know it’s bad
I like celestial crabs
I mean
what if it's cancer like the celestial crab though
because I am against baby cancer
the Anti Baby Cancer organization
I for one am a proud member of the ABC organization
how dare u
I can't believe @timfoolery supports baby cancer
I have not had the homework 3 out of the like 4 times she's checked
Like our calc teacher
I said a bunch of other questionable things in a bunch of my classes and I think the majority of my teachers think that I am either a clutz and a loser or something
I told ms. Conolly that the only reason i took the course was to mind control people and start a cult
also they wont have time to talk to your parents individually
oh yeah but they expect that
I have said some weird stuff
Well, you see
why?
Also, my parents are about to meet my teachers and I have a bad feeling about all of this
FOR THE AIR CONDITIONER
against the authority
I rebel against your point of you
Also, if it were called calc ac, then everyone would think it'd be about air conditioning
It teaches bc in addition to ab
Nono, it's called that because that's what separates it from calc ab
also honey tastes good
using you're logic BC Calc would only cover the second half
if that were true it'd be called Calc AC for the whole curriculum
that wouldnt make sense
no
I feel accomplished
Line segment bc
So it's called that because it also covers the second line segment
But calc bc teaches two semesters
Line segment ab
Then calc ab is called that because it only goes over one semester and therefore only the first part of the line segment
So if you think of the whole year as a line segment with points a, b, and c, with a being the start, c being the end, and b being the midpoint
The thing which separates calc ab from calc bc is that calc bc goes over 2 semesters of a college calc course whereas calc ab only goes over one
And I was suddenly struck with an amazing idea right now
Well I've been wondering why they're called that
Ab and bc
Ok, so, you know how there are two ap calc courses?
I just had an epiphany
Oh my omg
Yup.
That sounds like it sucks
Oh yikes
Couple days back, some young lady kept pulling in front of my dad and brake checking him....for no reason whatsoever....needless to say my dad got pissed, got around and about blew the doors off of her car....but there was absolutely no reason to do that but be a dick....
Welp, living in a place called ApeYard Kentucky may make me prejudiced, but you really see the worse in the population down here....
What makes you say that?
Preach
Too many stupid people for the good of anyone much anymore..
The ratio of average humans to idiots is constantly skewing further and further....
I would assume so.
Which concerned the people in the call :=
But right before falling asleep, I said, “There’s someone at the door” and then just died
I once fell asleep in the call
xD
You know, my brother sleep talks like crazy too, at one point, I felt him tap my side, and tell me there was a bird in the bedroom on top of the window.....and he made it convincing too, he had me believing there was one up there....
hah
I can talk more about it later but I have to go to  swim right now
I can't believe alex sleep talks
Yeah, I got in a dance battle with angela
nice
Oh
You were muttering about it in your sleep lol
How do you know
Wait
Wait
And you tried to dance
Yeah
Did Angela kill people
Ok, what the heck, I just had probably one of the weirdest dreams in my life
Why are you all still awake
Congrats
Oh
yesterday was the 10th anniversary of troll face
oh crap I forgot
<:GWqlabsSweats:398950677549940747>
and deadlines are coming up
right before deadlines
Friday nights
when is a good time to feel unproductive
it's literally the worst time to feel unproductive
**HIPPY LITE BITHDAY**
Tanks
hap brith
gn
GN
IM GONNA SLEEP EARLY WHILE I CAN
O
our city is 1/3 jewish
?!
You guys get school off for that
it's yom kippur
no
@Peacheon @Instantramen_ @Maktackle 2 am overwatch??? Do you guys have school tomorrow
So I did roman numerals :P
Oh, we didn't have enough candles
Please invite me
also I have to blow them all out with one breath
thats gonna be me
And in it this grandma had 100 candles

This was my childhood fav book

OMG
I want to have like 80 candles when I'm old
And there’s my parents who do a single candle
less fun
my family always does roman numerals for some reason
I should’ve went with roman numerals like Angela
I want to do that
that's great
I can’t believe I actually put 16 candles
Yes
????
casually hanging a cake from the roof
Excuse me the right side up one looks perfectly normal
The flipped one looks like I reached over the cake and tried to be artsy
The flipped one looks more awkward
Oh what
wow cynthia when did u move to australia
The power of technology

The only picture I took was upside down

i think it'd be marginally better cooked but still probably not the best idea
Yeah then its unethical
Ah
So if you define an ethical decision as one be directed toward the good, then cannibalism is unethical yeah
also yes dont eat human flesh you'll get eight hundred diseased
it's called vore and it's a kink
Also isn't cannibalism like not healthy or something
Ah yes let me just have an open mind while I eat this delicious human
it's only weird if you make it weird
I would disagree that its necessarily unethical per se (though the circumstances may definitely change that), it's just pretty weird and gross
I agree. It's totally radical and tubular
No...that's sick.
Is it unethical to eat someone who wants to be eaten?
And join the OW call :3
Feel free to write an intro in #isopod-introductions  c :
hello
Hello !!

Will do :^)
Send chocolate pics
Oo
I’m having Swiss chocolate o o p s
Oh
Mostly because the list isn't written down
I'll add it to my list of foods I should eat but probably never will
And not too sweet
It's so soft and spongey
Green tea cake is so good
clearly uncultured
I cant believe it
what a tragedy
Huh
Wow
Zoop test
Green tea cake omggg that sounds delicious
; u ;
Just when I had to stop OW 😭
Unless more people join for JB ???
I guess OW then ??
so what're we doin
(one you can watch my screen on and one you can play on/use)
Do you have access to 2 devices?
I'd do jackbox if you can tell me how
I could do overwatch
I'd be fine with either
@​here Jackbox or @Overwatch, anyone?
yoteo
you only turn 18 once
I'd say it is
worth it ?
I mean, it’s probably one of the best cakes I’ve ever had so
Yeah
it's the experience that counts I guess
Idk
It’s too smol to cost that much
how much was it supposed to cost pre-ordered
Like what heck
So they waited 2 hours for it today and it costed ~$50
My parents forgot to order it ahead of time
It’s hella good
me neither
Never had a green tea cake huh
sounds good
nice
Woah
interesting
Green tea cake with red bean filling + fruit on top
It broke but

looks like it to me
Kind of? worked
Tried to do an XVIII

😮

*Snrrk*
Medieval style
I've been Bam**FUCKED**
Hoodwinked
Youve been bamboozlrd
Well shit wrong channel too, karma is biting me today...
Deus vult
Gimme a second, it's nowhere as effective without the gif...
Excuse me ???
AWW BE THE GIF!!!
*rare tape of medieval porn*
~~disagree~~
~~porn is never irrelevant~~
Yes
are they in the same grade?
Not since middle school
But I never talk to her
I know one person nvm
OH WAIT
even if they did
I mean I imagine you wouldn't commonly know about other people having the same birthday
500 in our grade
We have 2,000
I mean any school with a decent amount of people are going to have a shared bdays
I didn’t know anyone with my birthday
Huh
I knew a few
or randos
were they people you were close with
wow
There were like 7-8 other people at my school with their bdays today
It’s crazy hahah
can't believe you have the same birthday date as angela
Thx
also happy birthday cynthia
Oh
that's irrelevant
and why was there a porn discussion
Thank you skrim for the bday wishes <3  @Skrimiche
*Seems Nautilus has turns to naughty...*
no
I mean if someone's a furry it's inherently lewd without anything being added
he cannot be lewded or lewd
hi m transcends reality and all known concepts of lewding
I guess I've learned some new things about skrim today
so that's why
wow
NO WTF
I wouldn't dare lewd h i m
that's why she posts so many dog pics
No
is that why your profile pic is an animal
I always knew skrim was a furry
Mei is pure btw don't mess with her
✪ω✪
i'm sorry what
yes
Did someone say furry doujin
9 years
yes
a few years
close enough
it was barely any time
not a million years
yea
eya
wasn't she frozen for a million years
ye
well technically 40
*Safe*
isnt mei technically like 70 years old or some shit because she froze herself
they're an old lady then
oh
mei is 31
LOL
*She looks over 18.......*
oh yeah I play for the um plot too
she's the worst
MEI IS AMEIZING
FUCK YOU JOE
NO
mei's the devil
RIGHT
SHE'S SO CUTE
YEA
excuse me Mei is a waifu who must not be lewded
New innocence anthem
*Jewel's not Bobs*
i play overwatch for the plot
furry erotica can have some excellent character growth
why can't you like both
I doooo
^^^^^
she just really likes matching jewels
exactly yeah
oh my god
like angela playing huniepop for the game play
Mhmmmmmmmm
sounds about right
Mhmmm
i read furry erotica for the plot actually
I see
Idk it just doesn’t work for me
pi do you read furry erotica to get off
no you didnt
i also saw that
I saw that
also wdym angela
idk how people get off at all man
get your Facts straight
~~lowkey idk how people get off on porn~~
i've watched porn i just haven't whacked it
oof
HEY
Echks youre like the only person above 12 who hasnt watched porn your views dont matter
why'd it ever exist
my image of peachy as pure has been shattered
3 < 5 ?????
it would be awesome
that wouldn't be terrifying
less than 5
CHARGE YOUR PHONE
then you changed it to 5

HAHAHA
I probably say ~3 in a call
.....how terrifying would it be if how many times you watched porn was tallied for total?
sorry since joe sent the message first, i got blinded by his light theme and cant see echks' screenshot
🤔
someone ban him so im first
I got that one second speed
good job joe
oh
clearly this is the quote
best i could find was this

sure you did
someone find the quote
I absolutely did not say 15 nor 50
THE TRUTH WAS UNFOLDED
oh dear
THEN EVERY DAY
FIFTEEN
THEN 50
a truly historic moment
THEN YOU SAID 15
it was great
LOL
I said I watch porn like 3 times a year, and then Machine @ everyone’d
NO
yeah Peachy tell skrim about how frequently you watch educational videos
it can be
It can't be
No
...
?????????????????????
I was just telling the truth
wdym ewgela
I was gonna link TedED riddles what is it
Omg you guys are the worst
????
LOL
skrim you dense fuck
Why the quotes
no
Wait
oh on
indeed
Peachyyy
very "educational" in a way
yeah
she watches a lot of educational videos
yes
What vid watching habits
What
LOL
i heard food
that and when machine @ everyoned about your "video" watching habits
Mention food and I will come running
So
Also provides food for prisons
Also hello
that's the only thing we have a massive amount of people respond to
The place that provides food for our school
Because everyone is here
I think that
yes
Starter
Well
yes
Is food the universal conversation startet
yes
I'm not sure if it was raw but it might have been
clearly you should've eaten it, gotten sick, and sued the school
What the heck
nice
did someone give you chicken tartare
I had realllyyy undercooked chicken
what
Like that one time in middle school
Raw or uncooked
Unless it's like
I will eat bad quality food as long as it's something I already like
do I feel nauseated
it's only when it's a main dish or something
nah sweet desserts are fine for me
carrots are alright
My friend gave me a cookie today and I thought "this isn't as sweet as the ones I make"
I can appreciate good food but ill eat basically everything
except fuck carrots
some desserts are so sweet that I want to die by the time I'm done eating them
same
I love most food I have low standards
but also I love sweet
savory and salty is the  best
oh yeah mood
but savory food im fine if it has some sweetness to accent it
Oh huh
I feel nauseated if I eat desserts with a lotta sugar, even like hersheys or caramel on its own or hard candy
I think im the opposite
hmm
especially non dessert stuff
I'm very sensitive to sugar being in things
potato salad is pretty damn good but it has different pairings
oh yeah because robin you were missing out on all the good stuff
I disagree pi
because she was convinced that wasn't what I was trying to order
Also no skrim he probably just eats the wrong types because theres no way someone tolerates sweet food less than me
I had to argue with a vender in germany to get a potato salad
would be better w/o celery
potato salad is ok
and most fast food/restaraunts I've gone to which use coleslaw have it sweet
potato salad is better
I'm not a big fan of coleslaw tbh
why
has sugar
the fuck
literally first result I googled

some people add sugar in it but thats nasty
LITERALLY EVERYTHING IS SWEET TO YOU JOE WHAT THE FUCK
good coleslaw isnt sweet at all
Cabbage is BAD
WHAT DO YOU PUT IN YOUR COLESLAW
HOW
coleslaw is too sweet
how
stop
Coleslaw is NASTY
But I only had them a few times
fuck yes
Some fish n chips with some hush puppies and coleslaw
I LOVE HUSH PUPS
excuse me
HUSH PUPPIES ARE THE SUPERIOR SIDE DISH
the only fast food I ever get is like, burritos
YES
**HUSH PUPPIES FOR THE WIN**
Hun~~t~~fer gets it
yes
the main good fast food place I've been to is shake shack
also yeah never been to chick fil a
idk if theyre better than like in n out
They are like potato powder in a lie.
my aunt gets some for thanksgiving that are like my favorite mashed potatoes
actually ive never been to high end fast food places that people rave about so
pshh who even has been to chick fil a
also mashed potato mix can be good
I want Chick Fil A ughhh
the best fast food fries
Smiley fries don't taste good but nostalgia
chick fil a waffle fries are goooood
they are VILLAINS
**I can tolerate waffle fries, Smiley's suck maximum quantity of ass!**
Smiley fries are literally just insta mashed potato mix formed into smiley faces
I WILL TEAR YOUR SPLEEN OUT WITH THE FORCE OF MY ANCESTORS HUNTER
SMILEY FRIES ARE EVIL
i've never had smiley fries
no u
YES
SMILEY FRIES SUCK ASS
GO BURN FOR ETERNITY
waffle fries are amazing
ARE GOOD
Actually no...
go to hell
WAFFLE FRIES
Bc b r e a d e d
STOP
I thought they were nasty until I tried them
The worst friend is the waffle fry, that's what.
deep fried ice cream is okay but why not just have normal icecream
it was great
I've had deep fried ice cream
Or deep fried ice cream
nope
Has anyone has deep fried oreos
LOL
deep fried water hell yes
http://thescienceexplorer.com/technology/chef-invents-deep-fried-water
mashed potatoes with ketchup
WHY
STOP
you can fry anything
like tempura mashed potatoes

actually going along that line, I wonder if its possible to make fried mashed potatoes
mashed potatoes can be really good
This is unholy
okay no stop
STOP
what would it be like
i just realized that you could pour ketchup on mashed potatoes
yes
yes
so you know french fries and ketchup
THATS WHY YOU EAT INSTA MASHED POTATOES
SURE SURE
NO MY HEAVENLY COMFORT FOOD IS RAMEN
IM NOT THAT INCOMPETENT
YOU HAVE FUCKING HEAVENLY COMFORT FOOD
mashed potatos are mediocre
I KNOW HOW TO
BOOM
I KNOW HOW TO BOIL A POTATO
MAKE MASHED POTATOES
I CAN BOIL A POTATO
BOIL POTATOES
LOOK
ONE TIME I TRIED EATING THE FLAKES WITHOUT MAKING THEM
OKAY
SKRIM
ONLY BECAUSE YOU DONT EVEN KNOW HOW TO BOIL POTATOES
with my dino chicken nuggets
I used to eat these all the time
INSTA MASHED TATERS
I FUCKIN LOVE
I love them heck you
the right childhood snack food were potato skins
THEY TASTE LIKE INSTA MASHED POTATOES
WHAT
Yoo potato smilies were my childhood
those are EVIL

mcdonald thin fries are the best fries
The worst form of fries are the ones made with powdered potato bits
it's the biggest category since slicing potatoes is too hard for some people
no
the best form of fries is potato smilies
you can have frozen any type of fries
yes it is
that's barely even a category
the worst form of fries are frozen
agreed
excuse me
**HERETIC**
potato wedges are like the worst form of fries
Tater wedges
ah
you're ruining perfectly good freezer pizza
lower starch are more watery so better for stews and shit
Steak fries
gross Robin
higher the starch better it fries
this is a good day
also I just realized I can put pineapple on my freezer pizzas
its higher just checked
I feel like it's less
i forget whether or not more starch makes the potato better for frying
But especially *waffle fries*
idk
I imagine a potato wedge is made with like more starchy potatoes?
And thin fries
I love thicc fries
also clearly the immortalized best fries are mcdonald fries
I see
idk I've just never had a potato wedge and thought man I'm glad this isn't a french fry
thicc
it depends on the potato you use and the way you cook them no?
Potato wedges are different, but still AMAZING
just really thicc fries
no not potato wedges
potato wedges are way worse than normal fries
yeah those are good
**EXTRA THICC** fries..
oh potato wedges
they're the thicc fries
tf are steak fries
👌
Get some Rudy's bbq and bbq sauce
steak fries are a top tier method of eating fries
*STEAK FRIES*
or too bitter
also all tea other than milk tea is either too bland
Texas bbq doesnt even need bbq sauce bc of how flavorful it is
Fries?
idk
what have you had it on Robin
But the tea their was fuckin nasty
what
I don't think I've ever had it on meat tho
Tea is good
spot this
Nope
I like bbq sauce
unless it's milk tea
tea's gross
Also the tea was shiiit
I wanna go again but I don't think my family liked it as much as I did
smh
But I still liked it
I had BBQ once and it was cold :c
good shit
had some a month or so ago
texas bbq is 👌 👌
the only reason I'd go to texas would be for bbq
Ag classes teach ya the good stuff.
huh
Yup, lil piece up near the spine.
I wanna go to Texas for the food
I see
back strap?
more evidence texas is clearly superior to every other state
Ya got the back strap too.
its super cheap here
huh
really
woah skirt is actually kinda expensive according to google huh
I mean they're generally considered the less desired cuts
LOL
Skirt and strip streaks who the heck thought these were good names
Skirt steaks owo
and the t bone
*GOTTA GET IN THERE AND RIP AND TEAR*
clearly the new york strip steak is where it's at
flat iron and skirt steaks
^
I see
Flatiron steak is basically the poor man's steak.
flat iron steaks are a bit tough imo but theyre good
one of these?

You use a flat iron on a steak, duh
it's just our city has like 1/3 of the population jewish
what's a flatiron steak
I guess
Anybody who knows what a flatiron steak is knows my trifles...
also I doubt it because jews are  a tiny minority in most places
rip
I wish
Nope
some jewish fasting holiday
jewish holiday
yom kippur?
also out of curiosity do the rest of you in high school also have tomorrow off because of yom kippur or nah
juicy and exciting meat 😩
you could not have chosen worse adjectives to use when describing food, pi
agree
LOL
wack
**GROUND MEAT IS FOR FOLKS WHO ARE SCARED TO USE THEIR TEETH!!**
how
tf
^
ground meat texture makes me gag sometimes
If i want a firmer, more comforting food, ground meats are 👌, if I want a juicy or exciting food then unground
you're irrelevant
also robin you only like meat when it doesn't taste like meat
i use it instead of bolognese in my ramen sometimes uwu
ground meat just doesn't have that same original texture as unground meat
ground meat >unground meat
I think the only seafood I've had is popcorn shrimp and salmon patties
but ground beef is my godsend
well ive never had ground lamb
Both are good but it depends on my mood
nahhh ground meat is nice
than ground up lamb
but like I'd rather have just had straight up unground seasoned lamb
It shouldn't
it felt rubbery to me the few times I got it from some persian place
It's not badly textured
No shut the heck up
It's the best form of kebab
it's that bad textured thing
Oh shit, I think I want summudat action..
oh wait
KUBIDEH IS BETTER
Kubideh is that one thing
YEAH BUT YOU DONT LIKE SEAFOOD
what's kubideh
HES A CRETIN
HE DOESNT LIKE KUBIDEH
WHAT
Shut your face
YES
you have bad tastes but not as bad as skrim
ez
HNNGH
go joe
2 DMG KARATE CHOP, NICE
IT'S ON
YES
or not
AHA
💢 Death Battle!
you removed the bot smh
that bot's dead
👈 😎 👈 zwylroop
--deathbattle @Skrimiche @Gymminy Cricket
pad thai is sweet
is sweet
like mango curry
thai food is sweet
OOOOOOHHH
says the man who thinks thai food is sweet
s m h
*Gotta solt 'n pepper em good, maybe sausage chunks in the gravy.*
smh skrim no taste
seafood bad
crab's great
crab bad
you have duck and crab hell yes
oh yes @cynthia idr your timezone but i think it's the 18th where you live now so happy birthday!
biscuits and gravy are alright but theyre so bland compared to this mastapiece
is this your bday feast peachy?
I've never had okra
Where da biscuits 'n gravy at?
I see
bitter melon is what they called me in ~~middle~~ high school
^^^^
okra is a gift of the gods
okra is not a bitter melon
or nah
wait is okra like bitter melon
chickens are garbage disposals
no
Then this mixture of tofu, beansprouts, and pork
excuse me skrim youre the chicken you only eat bread
I think I see green beans....but I could be wrong.
Well you clean it beforehand :p
Duck, crab, okra, fish, shrimp, some green vegetable thingy idk what it’s called
What if you eat the chicken?
you're a chicken you eat everything
shut pi
same hunter
smh
thats because you're not cultured
I think the only green thing I eat is a green apple....and I think that's cheating....
[x] no
you villain
but all that food looks delicious
me
~~when you look at what others eat and realize.....damn I'm picky...~~
pshh
that's a lotta food
Skrimps


Are we sharing our weather?
VA weather is neat

gross

smh
too hot
Honestly Florida weather looks pretty nice
florida sucks
^^^Florida

Houston superiority is the only truth
Down with Dallas
>Dallas 
You villain
that's gonna be great
Oh boi 22 degree weather


its september >:(
its 94f today this is a scam
@Peacheon yes
yes
these w e a k li ng s
60 degrees is ideal
s m h
smh
some people get cold below 60 or even 70 tho
it depends since such a big population but for me below 40 is cold
What is cold for you?
Ah
not florida boy but here in texas 70 is alright weather
Oh yeah, what weather is cold for Texas ?
Om nom
I will try :P
bc its gonna go bad ya
Is 70 degrees cold for Florida ?  @Maktackle @echks
eat and freeze as much of it as you can
guess you'll die
yea
It’s still avg 70 degrees this week
Yeah actually
until it's freezing cold
I mean we still have a fair bit of time
So I guess it works out
My mom puts things outside when it’s freezing cold
Gotta ask
Uhh idk
But at least it’s almost winter
so is everything in it just dead
So uh big yikes
Also, my refrigerator is apparently broken
Will do !
Im still hung up on the idea of grouping up on mobile games, so if anyone gets the motion to do it, just say so and I'm up for it.
Thanks Hoyce
what else would you say?
Excuse me
HAPPY WOMB EXPULSION DAY🎉🎉🎉
🎂
Oh yeah its yalls borthdays
HAAAAPPY BIRTHDAY! ~~Kinda passed out last night so..Yeah..~~
You're a grandma now
My back ain’t what it used to be 👵🏼
Grandma Peachy
goodnight!
Good night, guys.  I’ll see you in the morning <3
That’s good enough, I think !

—fortune
AAA
(PST sept 18 :3)
Also, it’s also Cynthia’s birthday in 3 hours huehuehue !!!!
🎉
THANKS!!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY PEACHY
Thank youuu
welcome to the adult club
HAP BRITH
I won’t be awake for yours, but happy birthday to you too !!!!!!! 🎉🎉🎉
Ahhh thanks !!
HAPPY OFFICIAL BDAY ANGELA !!!
Good night !! <3333
Okie dokiee
good idea
Becausw I am sleepy
Ok, I'm going to go to bed now
It’s really what you make it
Or fill it out throughout the day
Like, you could do it both times
Any time you want to ?
Djsagree
They end up falling flat and then I just end up being disappointed with myself
Wait, so do you fill out the journal before the start of the day or after it
everything you do is aesthetically pleasing
Oh
I would, if I could do things in an aesthetically-pleasing way
no they are called bullet journals because you want a bullet in your head if you try to put this much effort into it every day
I would never have the motivation to do this every day
GOOD point
Nononon
Yeah, but they’re helpful
So they're called bullet journals because it's stuff that you need to do, like shoot people with bullets
And usually daily/weekly
also that sounds like so much work
Just artsy
And they’re whatever you want them to be
You fill them out
They’re not
^
Or like lists of things you need to do
no
^
They're already filled out?
Kind of like reflections
But
They’re super artsy journals for writing things down — usually having to do with yourself
Very artsy journals

they paint them white so you can't tell
Oh

No, they’re not
I get it
anyway being a kid sucked
Ahh
they are made out of recycled bullets
?
What are bullet journals
Ok
check up on your wimpy kid lore
Oh
^^
and it's only a diary because that's what his mom bought him
ok but he makes it very clear at the start of the first book that it's a journal, not a diary
CHEESE TOUCH
DID SOMEONE SAY DIARY OF A WIMPY KID
What are bullet journals
Yeah, no one should be entitled to your affection i agree
That's a boy with a diary
okay but that was because gender roles
Diary of a wimpy kid
Bullet journals are the best
Uhh
MhmmMM
duh
diaries are for gurls
uhh journals are for dudes
That’s fair
That was it
journal
OH
You were talking about not wanting to do something bc you thought it was for girls?
Like I really don't like meeting up with relatives like aunts and stuff, because it's like they feel somehow that they are entitled to my affection even though I barely know them
I just wanted people to treat me like they treated adults
wha
Yes but you found everything demeaning as a child :’c
You should have pinched their cheeks
I don't like it when people I don't know very well do stuff like that
I was the coolest kid
I found it demeaning and I didn't stand for it
when I was a kid I hated when people did that
It doesn’t hurt if you do it gently :3
I think it depends how hard you pinch
I don’t think it’s a food chain unless they’re eating each other
I think
But pinching my cheeks hurts
It's the exact opposite of what you expect
What
You’re so precious, i want to simultaneously pinch your cheeks and give you the world
Like, gummy bears are smallest, fish are larger, and gummy worms are the largest
Have you ever noticed the weird gummy food chain?
Ok ok
: 3
I won't complain
You can do that everydayyy
Ok, well, you can give me gummy bears if you want
But I don’t want to make all the decisions :P
Well, it's not really being extra nice, it's just showing that you really appreciate someone
Celebrate living
Like, celebrate birth yes
See, the whole *being extra nice to someone for one day* thing is eh to me
Speaking of which, I still need to get you a present
Shouldn't I be the one being especially nice to you then?
Sooooo ?
It's your birthday
But
But you can have them
And we all just sat around eating them
I’d prefer it if you didn’t combust it
Wait, but it's your birthday
I can give them to you tmr
Ok alex
MmmmmmmmmmmmMMM
It's ok, it's still possible to combust small ones too
But I have gummy bears
Ok i don’t have a huge one
Really?
I have some of those
Like one of those huge ones
I want a gummy bear
That’s definitely fair
Wait wait
Yeah, but I wouldn't want to give it a sense of entitlement
~~Tbh, I’d spoil the heck out of you if you ever asked for anything.  But thankfully you don’t~~
I value more of the latter, but presents every once in a while can’t hurt C^:
That’s very fair
Ahahah I’d have to try hard not to spoil them
Because I'd value it's long term behavior and ethics over its short term temporary happiness
Ok, but I don't think I'd have a problem with spoiling my child
<:richthonk:423678784911310868>
Actually, now I really want to whack one with a napkin just to see what would happen
Mhmmmmm
“Yes yes 
Of course”
Of course
Yes yes
right
Aaaaaand you resist the urge to
Babies are adorable i love them
Ok, but sometimes, children are annoying and you want to whack them with a napkin
~~From their little dimples to the twinkle in their eyes~~
And then you start appreciating everything that makes them great
Yeah
That’s a good way to start
Probably spending time with them ?
Yeah
Mmmm that’s fair
But, would you be able to lay a foot down when nessecary?
I don't know what it would take to make me love it though
I bet if I really loved the child then I'd be able to act responsibly enough to give it a good upbringing
~~Steal the kids money for candy?~~
🤔
I mean
That sounds bad
Wait
So obviously I have to tether the child's outcome to my own to make myself care more
Hmm
(ex. Chess)
But I think you only think ahead that much when you have to
Maybe
I doubt it but ok
Maybe that's all just a ruse and I am secretly the most responsible and meticulous person ever and I am just trying to convince everyone that I am incapable of being responsible to lower expectations
Echks noo
I definitely, absolutely think you’d make a good parent some day though !!
my kid would 100% die in a week
And I have no doubt that you would be able to step up to the plate if you needed to, but good parenting is also about having some sort of consistency
You are super fun and loving, but you’re also like “hah responsibility”
But I can’t agree with how responsible you think you are rn
I'd be fun and stuff
I’m sure your child would love you
And I bet my child would like me
I mean, this issue probably dates all the way back
I am super responsible
I would be a great parent
Yeah, some folks royally suck at raising kids nowadays....
And it stinks for the child
Because they’re either not ready or just are terrible people
*Think about all the lil children!!*
Some people really aren’t fit to be parents
I agree with you
Yeah, you’re right
I think
I care for you
I'm just saying that age isn't all
!!
I know
I can do care
Well yeah
^
Hey, my behaviour is fiiine
And uhh, care or something
Behavior
That one
Ah yes
Income
Like
Hmmm, there are more requirements than age to be a parent
That’s actually me tho
*Start an orphanage*
Now i gotta
Awhh yisss
Angela can legally adopt me now
Why
Why
She’s a profession
I'm imagining ms. Conolly as heavy and it's so weird
They would absolutely not tell yo mamma jokes
Our house secretary doesn’t rly care
It'd be rough
And they'd probably throw some pretty harsh yo mama jokes at me
I usually call myself out when my mom asks me to
Your teachers sound like TF2 Heavy?
Well, I bet if I tried to call myself out, they'd be like, "shut up you puny child"
Tbh, I probably could have called myself out from school before
I don’t think they ask who you are
But that would be great
I doubt it
Possibly
Can you do that?
Also, I’m your mom — ill call you out from school
But that's better than nothing
You can’t do it for specific classes
But you have to excuse yourself for the whole day
And I'm jealous of that
MhmmmMmmmm
It means you can excuse yourself from school with no consequences
Why are you reminding me of this
Gross
Hehe, 44 here.
These are the last 45ish minutes of your legal childhood
😘😘😘
I understand there’s still 48 min 😉
Thanks, you too !!
Eh, a shared dream how so?  (Getting into logistics here:)  
A shared dream as in everyone has the same dream (hive-mind-esque)?  Or a shared dream as in everyone has some version of the dream?
HAPPY (EARLY) BDAY ANGELA
like if you really like art it'll change your brain to be amazing at art
I said wait :P
Yeah
Almost shared dream like?
oh
How does this work
with all the people being artificial but close enough to real people that the difference isnt there
That’s what I mean
This part
> and the vr can like change your brain so you really are the best
everyone gets their own VR
Wait:
How does that work ??
so its a world catered to you basically
and stuff like that
and the vr can like change your brain so you really are the best
like in the VR they are the best and everyone else is worse
yeah its a thing in their own VR
We can have votes on genre's, nominate games and go by majority or by another style.
I sure can. THATS ONE THING I CAN DO!!!
Yeah me too
I play some mobile games
Mhm !  Though, idk how many of us here play mobile games
Or, is it just a thing where they are just the best in *their own* VR
It would have to be split between apple and Android, unless it's a rare game choice and both can play....
Also, if everyone is the best at the thing they do, is there really a best
I think I would like struggles and challanges but not the constant stream of tedium which is homework
so why not design them as attractive
Hah, that could be fun
like those people arent real people just extremely accurate versions of people
Also. I dunno if it was mentioned earlier or just an idea rolling around in my head, but....Do you think that would be a good idea for some of us group up to play a mobile game, just absolutely swarm a game? Like a simple monthly something or other to mess around?
okay but it'd be better if everyone was attractive
Oh good
and there is no junior thesis in paradise
I would argue that not everyone needed to be attractive for there not to be social prejudices, but you would need to just change society/beauty standards themselves ?
like stuff like homework
but the struggle is really small
I disagree
to make the victories even better
Noo
there's a little bit of struggle
No
yeah
But is there homework in your paradise?
Hmmmm
my perfect paradise is a virtual reality where its like a normal world except everyone is attractive, including yourself, there is no social prejudices, and in this virtual reality you find fulfillment, you are the best at the thing you love, you  have an amazing group of friends and everyone you know reaches self fulfillment
Thanks !!  :3
Ahh, I gotcha, but still!
Oh, yeah, that’s just me.  Not upset but that’s what I feel like sometimes
Oh earlier you said about being a hot mess?
But thank you
Oh, I’m not feeling upset at all ?
Hope you feel better peachy!
Ehh, but yeah I agree there too...
But ah well
Also ripperoni bc we really should have been doing this in #pufferfish-politics-news xD
Like, you’d live a fulfilling life if you just never feel sad, even if you miss out on all the experiences that come with most people’s realities (experiencing negative emotions)
But, as for happiness, I feel like the bad parts aren’t super necessary ?
So you can learn from both
I think negative and positive experiences are important for shaping yourself as a person
Hmmmmm. . . .
Some of them will be way late coming, but when they do hit....it's like bliss...
I feel pain and sorrow are all nessecary, sure could do with less, but I feel that HAVE to be there.....
I feel that pain or sorrow or rough feelings, they almost work like a ramp, so good things, say...meeting a special someone, awesome food, etc, are even better than they were naturally, like a good meal on a good day isn't as satisfying as a good meal on a terrible day.
*tack
But my own thinking to talk on...
I understand, and I agree with ya on that.
I've never been angry for that long
Or the joy you get from it, if that makes sense ?
Therefore, I don’t think being happy all the time would loosen the effect of happiness
You just *are* angry
When you’re feeling angry, you just are.  It’s not like you go “oh, I don’t feel as angry as I was yesterday, because I was angry for 2 days in a row”
I don’t think, when you’re feeling things, that it’s comparable — at least not in the moment
You see
Mmmmmmmmm
Aw no
Eh, that’s it
I wouldn't want to always be happy, but I would want my worst days to be better
Wanna talk about it?
My current state: a hot mess but lukewarm at best
Being happy all the time does feel strange to me, but I think it could happen and I think if I could have it, I would want it
Like really I can only see it happening if you're some sort of bot or something is wrong with your brain
But eh I’d like to believe that it could happen
State?
I don’t think I could achieve it in the current state that I’m in
Feels like you're not human if you can manage it
I could see it
And wow I just realized how much of an ironic song it is....
I can't believe that it can happen
The concept of only feeling happiness is just so bizarre to me
Ah
It's just how things roll, we cope and do our best to continue, my poor Dad, doesn't watch this one movie apcause a song on it reminds him of her...
Oh yeah I'm good...
You :c
Who?
In all seriousness, are you alright?
Woohoo
Here's a suggestion, get in an extreme Discord discussion to duck facing your feelings and emotions....that'll work!
🙏🏻 Alex
and just focus on things that I find pleasurable or need to be done
Oooh*
Oooooj
I mean I just hold apathy towards things that'd be bothering
Also, I feel bad for saying all of this, but i enjoy playing devil’s advocate
The best way to be happy I think is to simply accept what you cannot control. This means not dwelling on it, but it also means not ignoring it, because if you ignore it, it will most likely come back later and make you very sad. By simply accepting the fact that sometimes bad things happen and there isn't a way for you to prevent them, you can avoid becoming overly sad by either dwelling or ignoring
probably
Genius
I just thought of something:
If you could control what you think about/focus on, you could achieve this, because you block everything else out.
OOH
You’ll have other things to be happy about.  Why focus on that small thing
Don’t think about it, it won’t do anything
it's still something in my eyes
If you don’t pay attention to it
Eh, barely
It would just be ignoring it
which dents the happiness
I just think there's still a tiny bit of sadness
Not that
Actually
It’s called denial
If it’s a tiny bit then you could brush it off and continue on with your day
idk I feel like you'd feel at least a tiny bit of something at a death of someone close
Okay well
Hmmmmmmm
Hmmmmmmmmmmm
I don’t think I exhibit psychopathic tendencies ?  but I feel like feelings are just perspective, how you associate things, and how deeply you feel
I will say, I find a lotta happiness in music.
There are some things I can see that applied to
:D
That's how it is, it's okay to touch back, but linger on it and it all comes back.
Also, yes, the rabbit was v cute !!!!
Hmm
So I feel like that could be applied to the happiness thing
I think about it, and I go “oh, that’s sad,” but I don’t *feel* sad unless I’m already feeling bad and dwell on it for a while
Peachy have I told you about the bunny I saw at the place I used to volunteer at?
Okay the thing is
;c
It’s fine
Are those the ones you fed like they were pigs before Thanksgiving?
I'm sorry to hear that peachy.
My fault, but i didn’t know
I’ve lost bunnies, yes
LOL
Nooo don't make me think about it
Better yet, how bout ya lost a pencil?
Ever lose a pet?
I don’t think there’s really a good comparison for experiencing death hmm
~~Also it could technically be a choice in some select situations but it usually isn't yes~~
It's been 3 years and I still miss her....but with hand in hand comes missing them and knowing they're in a better place.
You said you've never experienced a death before, that's the best comparison I could think of :P
Awh :c
One is a choice and the other isn’t
Aw Hunter
Okay, but an alive person stops interacting with me =/ someone dying
I'm always sad when I think of my grandmother, I will never completely move on...I still cry if I think about it too much...
and not feeling anything at all
The person you love the most stops interacting with you forever
Hmmm actually
there's a difference between dwelling on it
But I can’t imagine dwelling over it that much
Well think of it this way
Leave one of my few slightly pessimistic outlook on things alone
I can’t actually imagine being sad over deaths.  Probably because I’ve never experienced one before
ok angela
Kidding but
😡
Okay, I will absolutely prove you guys wrong irl — just you watch mwhahahah
Even if only for the shortest moment
else they'd be exhibiting psychopathic behavior
You'll feel grief
Unless your brain is chemically fucked up and you're emotionally detatched from even the people you're closest to
like I'd say there'd maybe be a tiny emotion in them towards the incident
It’s like a “oh, this happened, but I’m still grateful that they existed”
I'd say there's something off with a person if they feel absolutely nothing
If they're someone you really cared about
Impossible
^
You could just not feel anything from their death and continue on with your happy life
I feel like there'd at least be some type of dent to it
I don't feel like you'd feel complete happiness still though
Ahah
I hope they move onto something better
even if you're like yeah I'm glad that person existed
You'd be a bot if you didn't feel some sadness at someone passing
Damn this question has blown up.
that's not happiness there
Like, wow, im glad that person existed
there'd still be some sadness/other unfortunate feeling
You'd still feel sad tho
with a full lifespan, it's the same thing just carried out over a long period of time
Yeah it sucks, but also you could cherish the good times you had with them instead of focusing on their mortality ??
"But, if they’re lying to themselves and actually convince themselves that they’re happy, could you argue that they are happy?"
That's fair
well
Thought we were talking about people with full lifespans
when someone they know died
there would be no sadness in their life
I'd argue there'd be something off if they felt completely happy
then they would only be happy
eh
let's say that there is a baby who as soon as they are born, is filled with immense joy at seeing their mother, and then they get shot in the head and die immediately
Okay, but you don’t necessarily have to feel sad from death
leaving behind a source of unhappiness in not being able to live long enough
It would be impossible for me to walk up to the president while he's giving a speech in front of millions, blow his brains out, and walk away unscathed or unquestioned
and if that wasn't the case they'd die before those people
why must one necessarily always enounter sadness
which would be a source of unhappiness
like there'd at least be one person they met die
but there are some things that they'd certainly encounter that'd make them unhappy or else they'd have something wrong with them
Following the rules of reality doesn't make it possible
But, if they’re lying to themselves and actually convince themselves that they’re happy, could you argue that they *are* happy?
I could write a story about a person who is always happy and it could follow the laws of the universe and make sense, and even though this is highly unlikely, it is still possible
Lying to yourself
You would be twisting every possible source of unhappiness into something that you could perceive as positive
More to themselves than others
It’s all about interpretation and perception
Anyone who says they're always happy is lying
And, with the right perspective, the perfect world could exist
I really don't think it is
it is always possible
No, far past that
the problem is that you cannot say with 100% accuracy that someone will not be super lucky and only be happy
A perfect world couldn’t exist except in a person’s mind
If it could, we'd be fossil fuel by the time it happened
^
Ah
a perfect world couldn't realistically exist
not necessarily
Perfection is impossible
But yeah it wouldn’t work with my first claim, but it would with my second
I don't see it happening
At some point in time there will be something you think is bad happen to something you care about
but a perfect world could exist
That was my second claim
Because we don't live in a perfect world

why
Don't think so
Isn't it possible that none of your sources of happiness create sadness
Like to begin with?
but can't they also not upset you?
If I ever find a friend that doesn't make me feel upset at some point in time I'll eat my shoe
Things that please you can upset you another day and vice versa
Nothing is black or white
How eliminating all unhappiness could eliminate sources of happiness too
Oh yeah i changed my statement i think
Or
I thought we were talking about always being happy not overall
But you could feel *overall* happier about not having to deal with that
In this specific situation it's impossible to not feel unhappy at some point
"Hah, sorry — it would be much easier to do over voice because I like to put emphasis to my words xD

I’m saying that, if they are making you unhappy, and you value yourself/your happiness over them, then you could let them go"
You'd still feel unhappy about losing a friend though
*note to self, have paradise hunt teachers and shoot to kill*
Mhmmmm
which isn't supposed to be in my paradise
oh wait, I can't do that right now because of homework
Go for it
I guess
I need to make a list of everything I want my paradise to have
👌
Ok
You said kitty girl
I forgot to add them to my paradise
OH WAIT
OH
Also, kitties sound nice !! @crepe
nice
Psh
Oh nice
it's latin for ya yeet, i proved it
??????????
that which was to be determined
????
quod erat demonstratum
QED?
QED
yet still possible
this is improbable
It is still possible for one to be extremely lucky and only have sources of happiness
That makes sense too yeah
Hmmm
Ok, the problem I have with this scenario is that it is illustrating sadness resulting from a source of happiness, not the other way around, and so it is still fully possible to have a friendship where this does not occur and have a source of happiness without sadness, demonstrating the point that happiness does not necessarily require sadnesss
my own kitty girl paradise
Hah, sorry — it would be much easier to do over voice because I like to put emphasis to my words xD

I’m saying that, if they are making you unhappy, and you value yourself/your happiness over them, then you could let them go
even if it's worth it though it's still a minor source of unhappiness
Question of the day
Ooh
If it ain't worth it, drop em.
I don't get what you're trying to say
Sorry can you explain again or reword
If you valued your happiness above that particular friendship
Well, if it’s at the cost of your own happiness, and you *have* the ability/willpower to let them go, the I’d argue that you *could*
They are someone who increases your happiness, but at this given point in time they're decreasing it
wait, I meant you eliminate it as in if it never arises, you would never feel sad in the first place
Because you care about them
You're upset
Hmmmm
Say they refuse to listen to you
But you're still upset
Of their own will
You help them through it
But they're the ones doing it
^
no, you eliminate them doing stupid things
Yeah same Peachy
They're a source of unhappiness
[Disclaimer:  Also, I’m not necessarily trying to change your opinion because I think it’s wrong, but I just like these conversations because they’re fun.  Also, I don’t necessarily believe what I’m saying.]
Do you eliminate your friend?
sadness is the abscence of happiness
If your close friend started making extremely stupid decisions that would hurt them in the long run, that would make you unhappy
I feel like happiness is best summed up by a line from the ole Steve Miller Band in the song Jet Airliner. You got to go through hell before you get to heaven...
Could you give an example?
You would also eliminate things that make you happy
Like, “god i love my family” and that could come without negative emotions
So if you eliminated all the things that could make you sad
Sadness can come from the same things that make you happy
But just plain happiness as well
That's not what I meant
A lot of anger, sadness, etc. comes from things we like and care about
^
I don't think happiness necessarily requires feeling sad
Eh, I don’t think so
so he fulfilled the law
RoboCop thingy.
If you eliminated every reason you would ever have to feel sad you would eliminate a noticeable amount of your reasons for being happy too
and he was terrible
and my 8th grade science teacher was Mr. Murphy
Yeah i disagree
"What can go wrong, will go wrong"
the idea that anything bad that could happen will happen
I agree bad name
I actually just dislike the name murphy
What is Murphy’s Law ?
I hate murphy's law
~~MURPHY'S LAW ENGAGED~~
I don't feel like that'd offer permanent happiness though
where anything possible can be added
ok, but we were describing a personal paradise
I feel like it's improbable to the point of being pretty much impossible
very very very improbable
it's possible to be happy all the time, just very improbable
that's not what possible is
I don't think it's possible if they live for 70/80 years which is the average lifespan
it is still possible
but maybe not
eventually witness something bad
but it is possible
they'll eventually have some type of relative death
yes
the odds of that are incredibly low
they could just be very lucky
I think that even overall happy every day is still doable
or just nothing comes up to make them unhappy
I mean I think if there's someone that can constantly be happy regardless of anything I think they're very abnormal or have something different with their brain
(on extremely, extremely rare occasions)
While I do think it’s possible to be constantly happy [throughout a lifetime]
Okay actually
I mean, if we're speaking from the perspective of a maximally powerful, omniscient god, which I think we are/were, then if something is possible, you can do it
or it could even be your body's hormones at work that alter this
just eliminate all the reasons you would ever have to feel sad
It doesn't mean your life has to be unhappy as well
I don't think it's doable since there'll almost certainly eventually be something you encounter that makes you feel unhappy
I'd say it is easily possible, but a large number of folks have so much worry and stress...
But that's natural
Also, on top of that, you’d probably have to be fortunate
you always feel sad for a reason
That will replace the happiness
At some point you will be sad, angry, etc.
it's not inconceivable
Oh
It's impossible to never feel negative emotion
I think a person could be always happy
always happy is incredibly hard, but most likely doable
^
not always happy
I think they could overall be happy
eh
I think it’s all about perspective and a sense of self
I can agree with that
ok
But I’m still arguing that a person could constantly be happy in their lifetime
Okay fine
Yup, and I've ran through a big number of em, but I try to avoid copycats...
everything will eventually run out
but not infinite
eh I've experienced overall video game burnout before
And there are always more
Video games ?  There are hundreds of thousands of them
That is true, that or find one I could do with buddies....that's why discord hasn't burnt out on me...
There are some things which do not bore me but I bet if I lived a billion years, they would bore me eventually
it's not enough
but like I feel like when focusing on one specific thing
Also, it’s not like you have to do one thing for the rest of your life
I mean overall there are probably enough things to do
Okay, but, I couldn’t.  So I think you just have to find what makes you tick
but there is a finite amount of people and a finite amount of things they can do. Once all that runs out, there's nothing left to be interested in
Anglea
I burn out on things rapidly, I've played way too many mobile games and I've not stuck to one, came back to a couple repeatedly, but never long.
I feel like I could
eh
I don’t think I could ever get bored of people
I doubt it
And you have a whole lifetime to do so
it would just take a long time
but I would argue that eventually you will get bored
^^^^^^
ok, then there is a lot to learn, so it will take a lot of time to get bored
eh
People are always changing
Like, what if you work with people?
But, you don’t always exhaust things that you love ??
and golf solitaire
like candy crush
also you eventually moved on from your past mobile games
also angela you're just weird in that you get very addicted to certain things
everything is finite
boredom arises from something not being interesting anymore, which is the result of you having fully exhausted that which you once loved
I enjoy playing Solitaire and I play it all the time, and I don’t get bored of it
I disagree
kinda like how if you keep repeatedly eating your favorite food it'll eventually become bland
You love what you do — how could you get bored ?
I think over a long enough period of time, anything will become boring
just from constantly repeating the same thing
I think you would at some point
I don’t think you’d get bored
Awh, that’s nice
well, if you die before you get bored, then it's all ok
Like, oh, this little bad thing happened, but it doesn’t ruin your day
QotD: no worries and all the time in the world
and you'd have to search for new stimuli
I mean I think you'd get bored eventually
If you’re doing what you love each and every day, I’d argue that you could be happy every day
And, you could still have purpose and always be happy ?
the question is are they scarier than your angela dreams
The people with the will to live survived because they had purpose
wow
Hm
I had nightmares of an invisible t rex god chasing me in my sleep and those nightmares haunt me to this day
And who lived, and who died
CAUSE I LOVE EM, ASK ME A QUESTION, ASK ME!! I KNOW ALL
they're scary
It's about life in the Nazi death camps
And what does it show?
dinosaurs are bad
to improve it
and stuff like that
it makes sense @Peacheon
actually I think I'd add to my paradise some sort of anti nuclear wearhead defense
Hm, why dinosaurs?
It's not so much what it says, as much as what it shows
And what does it say ?
Jurassic Park, but....y'know, minus the whole brutal escapade of escapes and death....
It's quite an interesting read
No
Are you familiar with the book "Man's Search for Meaning?"
The value would still be pretty high
happiness can be compared to the state of nothing
also I imagine that even in your ideal paradise there'd probably be at least 1 thing that'd eventually make you unhappy
Even so
Welll
And I don’t mean synthetic happiness (drugs)
But it becomes progressively devalued
I mean, even if you have no measure of what happiness is, isn’t it still a good feeling to feel genuinely happy ?
baby eating is bad
sounds fake
so like, I'd be able to make everyone happy, and baby eating would never happen
@echks  that’s so oddly specific
you can always pursue greater peaks of happiness
psh
If you're always happy, you have no measure to compare your happiness with anymore
ok ok, but eating children is only necessary when the benefits outweight the costs, so as a just and good god, I would never allow anything good to happen if it only happened at the expense of others
and that would be a great paradise for me
fully automated luxury post-scarcity bisexual space communism
with other luxuries like personal chef, health staff, pool, etc.
Also, you would be a kind god (I think), but I’m not sure you would be fit to govern over others
add a bunch of gaming stuff and good computers to that mansion
eating his own children*
my ideal paradise would probably be this giant fortified mansion
You’d be a titan
Eating children
and like, make bad things not make people sad
MmmMmM
I would just help people
fake news
I would be a good god
I mean
nevermind
Alex, I can’t tell if yours is good and pure or—
I see
oh, and I would be essentially a god
Bc im not sure what yours would look like
My personal paradise would have no homework, and lots of videogames, and rootbeer, and roller coasters, and no spinach, bears, or slapping, and the weather would always conform to whatever I decided to wear that day, and people would be nice to each other
I mean, unless that’s not your paradise
?
Have everything you want/can have
If you could, you wouldn’t want to always be happy?
Why would I want to live in paradise
September 17, 2018 — Question of the Day:
What would your personal paradise look like?
@​here
same
I’m always so sad when I lose mechanical pencils
Oh shucks that stinks
I had a dark blue and get 5mm mechanical pencil I loved, lost it walking into school senior year, haunts me to this day.
I'm proud
I've held onto one pencil for 2 weeks now
and hold onto it wherever you go
you need to designate one pencil to be ur best friend
good
actually, this year I'm trying to change that
which means that I lose more than 1 pencil on average per day
I go through more pencils in a year than there are days in the school year
but ur a baby that's why u don't understand
you need to treat pencils as your baby
MhmmMMM
like me
Maybe it’s in the pencil bin ((hopefully)) ?
You see, that's why you should lose so many pencils that you never get personally attached to any of them
Hmmmm
Oh
I left it on the design table at the beginning of class and after class it was gone
I wont find it
i pray you find it
even though it was just an ordinary papermate pencil 😦
I know the feeling
Aww
I miss it because I had it for years
I do but they're not the same
Do you have any other pencils?
Oh no :c
that I'm deciding to get another green one at cvs tomorrow just to calm myself down
I lost my green pencil
I'm so bothered by the fact that
Ohhh right that’s smart
<:richthonk:423678784911310868>
@​here  Call, anyone?  I have ~1.75 hours before I need to be at a thing
The reason a call chat in here wouldn’t work is because I need to screenshare @Maktackle
Jackbox is fun
Add me
count me in
And I think just a separate call channel here in squid squad as well as a role would be simpler but whatever you guys do count me in cause jackbox is fun even tho I’m bad at it
I think our minds are connected
Wow what a coincidence you guys talked about that the same day as the first time I read his blog
Me I guess
👋
Who would want to be in it?
Because I’m never sure when people will be available and when they stop being available, so it just never gets done  ; u ;
Yeah, I should create a chat for Jackbox
sad
https://28oa9i1t08037ue3m1l0i861-wpengine.netdna-ssl.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/shore-2.jpg
Yeah this is his blog
oh it's tim urban again
oh no
https://waitbutwhy.com
the guy is so funny
He also has some other really cool stuff I think but I don't remember it
Still procrastinate lol
If so I remember reading his original stuff on that in like middle School
YES
Is that the one with the monkey
this is such a nice video
https://www.ted.com/talks/tim_urban_inside_the_mind_of_a_master_procrastinator/up-next?language=en
also
whyy
Tbh when I die I just want a bunch of statistics about everything in my life
or do they
but graphs often don't include outliers
hmm
About people's lives and stuff
They're cool graphs
<:GWpinkuShyNya:392448108954648577>
read depressing fanfic instead
why would you look at graphs
who needs sleep when you can stay up late looking at graphs amirite
oh we never ended up playing...
Sorry peachy, it's so rare for me to get time for good internet..
Drawful always gets a vote from me
#1 and #4
Sorry busy rn
merp ?
hmm
Any of these sound interesting ?


edgy name
Idk which one you guys want to play
Also, @Willful Alpaca (Mark)
Sure
if u post the inv codes I'd be happy to join
Yes
is it the stuff we did in club?
@​here Anyone up for Jackbox?
@ me when you're doing it next and I'll see if I'm here
nope
Do I need an account or naw
And there's a large variety of games to play !
It's really fun
^^^^^
There's a bunch of different games, you should play it when peachy runs some again
It's run like kahoot, with one person running the game and the others going to a website on their phones/computers to play
Also can someone explain jackboz it seems cool but I don't know what it is and I'm not cool
Happy birthday!
Oh, it's going to be my birthday in two days but thank you !!!! <33
WAIT IS IT SOMEONES BIRTHDAY IM SORRY HAPPY BIRTJDAY
I mean you are just deaf to sound when sleeping in general
Also, my neighbors are having a barbecue and I can’t believe I slept through their loud music
Actually, could you give me like 10 mins
Mkay
maybe
I'd be up for them
~~Or you could play VC and DC~~
Anyone down for games?  @Overwatch, anyone? or @​here for Jackbox?
that's impressive
wow
Thanks.  Good morning to you too !  c :
I think I got 12 or 13 hours of sleep
Good Morning
Heck, I just woke up
This is preposterous
Why isn’t it in Antarctica ???
What
Funny, huh?
It's only on the internet
But really
You would think it would exist in Antarctica
For instance
University of Antarctica
I
I always just assumed that University of Miami (the ohio one) is in Miami,. Ohio
Wait nvm
It's in Miami, Ohio
But
Kinda like how there is a region called Iberia in the caucasus but it's unrelated to Spain and Portugal
It's named after the Mayaimi tribe that lived there
Then why is miami the city named miami
It's named after the Miami tribe that lived there
Miami University in Ohio, like Crepeist said
I agree
What school are you referring to?
: 3
I’d vote for it
Someone should make it illegal for colleges to be named after major cities that are not in that city
And thanks !! ✌️
Yeah, it’s terrible
also HAPPY EARLY BIRTHDAY PEACHY! !!
i didn't know a miami university was in ohio
oh my god
~~So punctual I'm several moons early~~
My borth annoversary is on Tuesday but thankee !!!!
**HIPPY BOTHDUY**
OOO

🤔
Quality game of Quiplash

Oh yeah
@Peacheon
listed on my seafood poisoning thing
that's another one of symptoms
uh
it sounds like the eel went bad to me
as it seems like the one thing that potentially applies
my explanation feels pretty likely still
Yeahhh idk
and this is the first result I got
I just don't really know why your lips would become numb
idk
Ehhhh it looked and felt p well cooked though
I know I'm not allergic to eel
or irrelevant
this might be relevant

But idk what other explanation there is
I know
I don't feel like saltiness causes numbness
uh
And now my bottom lip is numb
It got all tingy
Oh, it was an eel
Idk, my lip started to feel weird while eating it
I think I was eating something (fish) that was too salty or something
what happened??
Oof, my lip went numb
That's fine
I think I'm a little jackboxed out today, sorry
Anyone want to play Jackbox games ??
So aggressive....
wow ur swearing just like what an angry person would do
I’m not i swear  ; u ;
Wha
AAAAAA
THAT STILL SOUNDS ANGRY
Yeah, sorry I sounded angry.  I’m really not !!
Thanks !
enjoy food!
rip
I’m eating dinner anyways, so go ahead and play OW
@Peacheon :??
Awh, did Carrot leave the server? :c
Hellooo
hi everyoneee
omg i love you carrot
nevermind kick her
dabs
@pi are u happy now
wowie

**( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)**
oh dear
Oh my...
oh yes
Oh no
**( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)**
I know, that’s why
It usually does
That could apply to.....well...thickness..
I prefer “girthful”
Not to be confused with the unsophisticated "well endowed"
Sophisticated version of Hung is *Well indowed*
What
Danced the Hemp Fandango
Enlighten us
What's the sophisticated version of hung
Some of us have sophisticated vocabularies
How do you guys live for this many years without knowing what hung means
Good for whoever he is
Oh my
If I say "he's hung" it means "his peepee large"
Like
It means big dick
Hung is whatcha apply to.....*gifted* male individuals...
means you have the long schlong apparently
What DOES hung mean then?
Uh
So wait
And this time she happened to fancy slandering my good name
oh yeah you really got her pinned
You know, angela is always scheming something evil
I bet angela did this
Horrible
this is terrible
probably because it's true
idk that's just how it was written
Why is it crossed out?
Wait what

Don’t really know what to expect
I’m doing a practice frq tomorrow
or for the test
also are you looking into writing a good essay rhet analysis for class
1 of the three essays
it is
Oh is it going to be on the test itself
Idk the topic yet
it's for ap lang
Not sure what the topic is
Whats the topic and length?
o rhetorical analysis papers are fun
two very different posts
the sound of puppies drinking milk when they're older is absolutely disgusting
how does one write a successful rhetorical analysis essay for ap lang
Wtf I thought it meant like with a noose
Y'all got real innocent minds.
<:richthonk:423678784911310868>
^^^^^^^^^
you fool
You're the fool for thinking I'm the fool
You are though
I'm not the fool
Heckkkkk you
peachy you FOOL
He's a good kid
Alex wouldn't
sure
I mean....
WITHOUT YOUR MOTHER'S PERMISSION
BECAUSE YOU WOULDN'T DRINK ALCOHOL IN YOUR HOUSEHOLD
Totally
Mm hm
I THOUGHT IT MEANT HUNGOVER
"Alex's mom knows he isn't hung" -Angela before she knew the true meaning
big oof

Today is a bad day
Uh huh
like she thought I got really drunk or something
Uh huh
I thought she was going to say it meant hungover like angela said
Oof
Oh
yeah
Or did you look it up
Also did your mom explain to you what it meant
Also smh Alex
Disagree with that Angela
DON'T QUESTION IT
IT MEANS WHAT IT MEANS, PEACHY
IT SHOULD BE SHORT FOR HUNGOVER
BUT
no
IT MEANS YOU GOT A BIG DICK
no
NO
NO
Does hung mean hungover
WAIT
this was the worst thing I've ever heard
HAHAHAHA
and that's how I learned
and said, "do you know what that means?"
and she gave me a strange look
oh no
and I went downstairs into the kitchen and I was like, "Mom, I'm hung"
and so I was hungry
so I haven't eaten all day
it was just a bit ago
you see
well
you mean, how did I learn?
it can inspire a certain type of hunger
^^^^^^^^^^
How
I feel betrayed
u r too young to know this
boy was I wrong
I thought hung was just slang for hungry
alex no
So I learned today that hung and hungry mean two different things
I just got home so I could play soon
Awhh okie
lots of homework T^T
not rn
Joe and I are still making it through story mode of Bomb Corp., but anyone else want to play Jackbox games ?
Oh god
i've played it with 5 it's hell
At least not Bomb Corp.
It iiis, but I can't imagine playing it with more than 2 people
GOOD GAME
It's like Keep Talking & Nobody Explodes
oh boy
One of the games, Bomb Corp., is actually the most infuriating game
Okay so
Joe and I will be playing Jackbox games, so message me if you want to join us !!! (bc I need to screenshare in a group chat)
böx
it's 4:20 my dudes
box!
Thank you for that
box
box
@​here for Jackbox games, anyone ?
But like procrastination is for losers
@Xompop’s Five “Ethical, basic principles”/ Five 10 Commandments:
1.  Thou shalt not slap.
2.  Eat thy babies, sometimes.
3.  Procrastinate on thy homework.
4.  Thou shalt ~~not~~ call him a baby ~~or~~ and a nerd.
5.  Thou shalt value fedoras above all other hats.
Hmmmmmmmmm.....
And one of my buddies wrote this c”:
in Design
I apparently left my Discord open

👌
Please someone just put duct tape over my mouth so i never have to speak again
I just told someone (a random acquaintance) today, “You could be the murderer to . . . my dead body.”
^ the most dead my eyes will ever be
my eyes
the most dead this server will ever be:
Either way
Or sighing at you annoyed
QOTD Answer: Holding my hands together and staring at you unblinking.
^ QOTD answer
Lighting a stick of Dynamite with a Churchill cigar

what a power move
I learned this in bio
ok cronus
That'll show them
Next time a murderer comes to your house to try and kill your kids, beat them to the punch and shove your babies down your throat and eat them
hmm
i'm already in a call with friends but i *really* wanna hear peachy scream
Hey, I'm watching a horror/thriller anime, so if anyone wants to join the call just be mindful of that bc I might scream
Nice
Oh shoot, I just remembered I have a ton of homework due tomorrow
I wish I got into AP Physics this year
Stats is chill
Stats has a reputation to be a chill AP class
and so far it has been the least intense math class I've ever taken
except apparantly for stats, which I'm taking this year
I guess AP classes generally give more homework
every week we had to do like a 7-8 page problem set
I think overall I liked AP chem, but there was so much homework
That sounds fun tho
Oh
And he would just give us this look that said "what the frickity heck"
like how many babies you should kill if one is a demon
Because all we did in his class was talk about random stuff
I'm pretty sure our chem teacher (mine and Meat Man) hated us
oh rip
I bombed the AP test rip how was I even recommended
There aren't eny prereqs for AP chem at my school except that you have to have taken honors chem previously and have a reccomendation
that's probably wise
Here the prereq is alg2
I took chem last year and it wasn't too bad for me but I can see how some of the concepts would be challenging
and it's a conceptual exam so there's barely any math, but teachers are still used to the old ap physics ab exam so they focus on the math more than the concepts
including me :[
since its only prerequisite is geometry, a lot of freshmen take it as their first AP class
Why is that
The test yep
60% fail rate
ap physics 1 is algebra-based but could be arguably placed above ap chem
Yep roughly that
then ap bio
then ap physics c
ap chem has the hardest reputation
Yep
AP chem
huh
Here it’s chem lol
ap bio's supposed to be the hardest ap science class at my school
AP bio is not bad at my school
and everyone in my school gossips about how terrible AP bio is instead
Can’t relate
LOL
so far it seems pretty chill
maybe
Physics C is the second hardest physics class from what I’ve heard
idk
Oof what a challenge
so not sure if it's the same
yeah but it's ap physics c as that's all my school offers
Are you taking physics too ?
AhHhh
and the general rhetoric they use to make their argument
Ohhh
text analysis is analyzing pursuasiveness
I mean the argumentative is taking a position on something they give you
Or is that the text analysis
No persuasive?
and one text analysis
one dbq style essay
there's one normal argumentative essay right
so
What are the essays again
It’s so nerve racking
Ahhhhhhhh
yeah
Out of 9?
then get 6s for the essays you're probably roughly 5 rage
so it's like if you're good at multiple choice and get like 5 or so wrong
I mean the curve for essays are pretty nice
eh
I’m actually so nervous for lang
when I looked it up it said 52-55 so you got an hour for that
I see
probably like 50-55
It might be less
60
Wtf
the multiple choice was like 60 or so questions I think
I mean so the way it works I think is
Is the curve really good
I probably just did well on the multiple choice
then I somehow got a 5 on the exam
like I was a trash writer during the year
What is your reasoning for that
you should be good on lang
nah
I’m pretty sure I have no hope for lang and physics
I am hoping to do well on calc and french this year
oof
I bombed the chem exam
I pretty much threw on my apush exam
nice
I got a 4 on it tho
World history was very rewarding
do you have any work to do young lad
sskkkriiiiimmm
echhhkkss
i just got home :^]
oof
he said, with three assignments to do in three hours
but no
see, i would do that, but my brain goes "why dont you relax now, you have enough time to do it later"
me too
I like to just do all my work early so I feel relaxed later
👍
nice
so i procrastinated all the work and it hurt
i ~~am~~ was just lazy
but it's not super hard
ye
is it harder than honors?
how hard is pre ap
and i regret not paying more attention in that class
i had the best teacher last year
i took pre ap then went to academic because i knew i wouldnt be able to keep up with the workload and im so glad i did
yeah
good thing i didnt take it :D
ap world is the worst thing ever made
I  have actually forgotten everything I learned in APUSH already
Ok, so, APUSH was a pain but I'm glad I took it because I learned a lot and I like to learn
actually AP Lang was probably worse for me
and its boring as fuck
now im taking us & va history
APUSH was the worst
but world history was fun
good
yeah
AP world is death i refuse to take it
in that it's not history
psych's nice
the medical kind
only APs im in are calc and psych but eh
not the trippy kind
I mean
but like, drugs are cool
also who even needs to take AP Chem, just gotta take the Chem SAT
and bio is boring to me
with so much work
like AP Bio sounds like a huge pain
only losers take only AP physics and not chem and bio too
I see how it is
wow joe
or AP bio
all AP classes are great as long as they're not a history or english one
I slightly regret taking regular US history
except for all the work
AP classes are great
ewww
also in my chinese class we're already doing practice AP tests for whatever reason
AP classes are big dumb
Oh yeah @timfoolery and how he asked me if I had a flower ovary
but I think I did well
which was dumb because she gave us a day to read a chapter and have a quiz on it the next day
Ap bio's for nerds
pshh
in AP bio
not in calc tho
oh
Go AP calc!!
wait nvmd I did too
Yeah lol
you already had a test?
yeah
YES I got it right then
So neither
because not even does not imply odd
but it's not odd either
yeah
So there’s no symmetry about the y axis right
the axis of symmetry would just be x = (whatever the x coordinate of the minimum/maximum is)
So it’s not symmetrical about the y axis
Well like, the axis of symmetry in this case is not the y axis
No it isn’t
I still think the question might be asking about the axis of symmetry
even means symmetric over the y axis
just not over the y axis
omg
WHAT
so no symmetry?
but is symmetric
so that quadratic is neither even nor odd
I didn't see the original question
wait
But it isn’t
So it's even
Yes
Symmetry:  f(-x) = f(x)
ALEX I wrote that but I erased it
What
Omg
NO
Ez pz
Symmetry is even
when I looked up quadratic function symmetry
*pretends to understand calculus*
i dont know what im saying
idk
wait
UHHHH
if it's an odd exponent it's odd isn't it
Symmetry means odd or even right?
uh
i think
even, right
ohh
ohhh
If it’s even or odd function
only type of symmetry I remember about quad functions is axis of symmetry
wait
I have no idea then
we had a precalc review test and i bombed an entire section
uhhh
me too
I’m unsure about this l o l why am I in calc
HAHA
oh i dont remember this, you're on your own sorry
Nope, describe the symmetry
mood but calc @Skrimiche
as in the axis of symmetry?
x^2-x-56 describe the symmetry
lmfao same skrim
i can kinda help with precalc, i forgot everything though
eww calc
Yes
did someone say CALCULUS
Because I guess we don’t really have a chat for homework spam
When they’re not being used
Or even #call-chat
But also, you could always use #nautilus-nattering :3
For my list of things to do
#seashell-suggestions
post it in chat
can anyone help with calculus/precalc review just so I can confirm answers for a test I had today
petition for a new channel called hermit crab homework help
monkaS
but idk tho i dont watch that many animes
in response to the announcement i hear boku no pico is ok
If it’s bloody, you can look away
Okk 👌
I might try it
When will you be done? o:
So far, it’s just you, me, and Joe, unless anyone else wants to join us :3
If that works with everyone else then sure
We could plan a time to do it later ?
Awh okie
I'm doing hw rn so can't :c
Anyone else want to join us? @​here
12 episodes — each ~25 mins, so I’m thinking maybe 2-4 [episodes] per day ?
I'd watch it
It’s also on Netflix !  ; 3
Anyone want to watch B: The Beginning with me ?  It’s a crime anime with supernatural elements.  
I haven’t seen it yet, but I have to screen it to make sure it’s appropriate for Anime Club (not too much gore) :3
nice
probably to funnel all the nerds into one club
idk @Gymminy Cricket
my school has a semi-informal fighting game club and an anime club
visual novel club
why is the club both gaming and anime
what legends
Or even the time of those who came before us
It was before my time
no
omg
WHAT
WHY
there's a gaming/anime club at my school
They had it on a projector
of course
ah
yes
hentai club clearly
Anime club
what kind of club
what
Our club got banned like 8 years ago for watching hentai in the library
grand blue is a great "diving" comedy
hey it only has like one or two borderline hentai scenes itll be fine
Or minimal ecchi
No ecchi
We can’t watch food porn in Club :P
kuroko no basket
shokugeki no soma (infamous for the lewd, but pretty damn good for the food aspects)
oh my
Our official list

oh and Code Geass is a nice watch too
Clannad + Clannad afterstory
Cowboy Bebop is fantastic if you havent done that yet
Cowboy Bebop, Death Note, Monster, Evangelion, and ERASED are also good
Overlord is a nice mix of light hearted and dark
I had only watched the anime and I enjoyed it, so possibly yeah
especially assassination classroom (I read the manga first and it was so good)
I heard that the ancient magus bride was a let down to some of my friends (the ones who were really hyped)
I agree with ur list ping pong :>
I heard overlord was good
And violet evergarden's animation was so good
I liked kinos
Kino's is great imo
Jojos part 5 is airing later this fall
Overlord, AoT, and MHA are all airing their third season rn, if you wanna get into that too
The rest are all pretty good ones, most pretty short
Actually not LotGH
Fmab
HxH
My love story
Assassination Classroom 
Konosuba 
Re:zero
Miss Kobayashi's dragon maid
LotGH
NGNL
Psycho Pass
The Ancient Magus Bride 
Soul Eater
which I'm learning just recently is "mediocre"
I recommend violet evergarden and kino's journey
uhhhh i have watched 2.1 anime and they're all popular so no
Oh darn, I forgot about club
~~My friend’s handwriting wants to make me cry it’s so pretty~~

my anime recommendation is .. ..  hannah montana
So far, we have:
September 11, 2018 — Question of the Day:
Do you have any anime recommendations?  (Pls help us think up of things for Anime Club!)
@​here

BAAAAAAAA

It was hard for someone with my personality
Impressive
But there's always the xkcd reminder
I did it nicer than you put it
And deserve to be eaten
Did you explain to her that sheep are also brain dead
I don't get people
Which is funny because she eats literally everything else
Mom says they're too cute to eat
Oh wow skrim
i dont think anyone else doesnt
@Skrimiche doesnt like it
Lamb is great
Lamb is delicious so idk
I don't get it
Anyone else feel that way?
My mon really doesn't like lamb
On the subject of non-standard meat
that's the only thing in that list i've had
jellyfish is really good
I just called it egg tart ?
and yeah probably Robin
so  i'm assuming it's it
Idk I've just heard my parent's refer to the other one as that before
Portuguese egg tarts have more creme bruelee custard carmalization according to wiki
yeah
Which means egg tart
My family has always called it danta
I've never heard of the second one before
while the more custardy one might be puta
I mean I think the difference might be that the more eggy one is a danta
I just called it egg tart ?
Oh, I didn’t know there was a difference
Portugal did have a colony in China
and the Portuguese egg tart is the best
and the other one which is more eggy
yeah but chinese shops sell both the one called the portuguese egg tart
well there's multiple kinds of egg tarts
http://tasteasianfood.com/egg-tarts/
which look like this
I mean there are also egg tarts called chinese egg tarts
Huh, never knew
but they're called portuguese egg tarts
and are found in places in china
Oh, I thought that they were Chinese
they're sold at chinese pastry shops
https://www.tastingtable.com/cook/recipes/portuguese-egg-tart-recipe-pastry
like its these
What is it ?
my favorite chinese dessert is a dessert that is questionably chinese
huh
Tapioca coconut milk soup
Favourite Chinese* dessert
Also, this is my favourite dessert
what's that

Where’s the tendon
o
cow stomach
They don’t taste iron-y
what's tripe
But everything else is nice
is that similar to tripe
have you ever had cow tendon
they also sound irony tasting
Okay, I don’t like chicken hearts bc they’re too dry
I'm heavily doubtful of the rest
frog legs sounds nice
blegh
They sound weird but are v good !
My stepdad just came home with duck tongue, jellyfish, frog legs, and chicken hearts
Speaking of weird foods,
okay that one is weird
salami and grapes
also to answer the announcement today = literally anything with ranch
get crackin
and questbridge scholarship is available for application by anyone who meets those requirements (doesn't have to be a minority) by september 27th but you need an essay and two letters of recommendation so if you're interested it's recommended you start looking into that right away (specifically the letters of recommendation because you need that anyways for most scholarships or university applications)
gates scholarship is available for application by all seniors of a minority race before september 18th who have a weighted gpa of 3.3 or above on a weighted scale and whose household annual income is below 65k
